[PAGE 1]
2023 Toyota Industries Report Toyota Industries Report Year ended March 31, 2023 Toyota Industries Report 2023 2-1, Toyoda-cho, Kariya-shi, Aichi 448-8671, Japan Telephone: +81-(0)566-22-2511 Facsimile: +81-(0)566-27-5650 https://www.toyota-industries.com/

[PAGE 2]
Message from the Chairman, Vice Chairman and President Firstly, we would like to extend our sincere appreciation for your continued support of Toyota Industries Corporation and the Toyota Industries Group. On March 17, 2023, Toyota Industries announced its regulatory violation related to Japan’s emissions certification for lift truck engines. We would like to take this opportunity to express our deepest and sincerest apologies for causing great inconvenience to our customers and many other stakeholders. We are currently compiling a report on the full picture of the incident, including causes and background, as well as measures to prevent recurrence. Toyota Industries is determined to make concerted efforts to resolve the inconveniences caused to our customers, suppliers, and all other concerned parties as soon as possible. We will also commit ourselves to providing comprehensive explanations and disclosing detailed information to our stakeholders. Turning to the surrounding business environment in fiscal 2023 (ended March 31, 2023), although the global economy showed signs of recovery thanks to the easing of restrictions on economic activities to prevent the spread of COVID-19, uncertainties abound. They include global inflation triggered by soaring raw material and energy prices due to the conflict in Ukraine as well as heightened concerns over an economic recession arising from higher interest rates in various countries. In this operating environment, Toyota Industries strived to expand sales by responding flexibly to market trends. As a result, we posted increases in both net sales and profits. Toyota Industries determined the year-end cash dividend to be ¥100.0, an increase of ¥10.0. Including the interim cash dividend, we paid annual cash dividends per share of ¥190.0, an increase of ¥20.0. The same as last fiscal year, we decided to pay the year-end cash dividend early based on a resolution by the Board of Directors instead of basing our decision on the resolution of the General Shareholders’ Meetings as we usually do. Turning to the surrounding business environment, uncertainties abound with regard to the outlook of the global economy. In addition, in the political, economic and technological areas, changes are occurring at a growing pace such as accelerating global efforts to realize a carbon neutral society and advancements in digitalization. In this climate, we will renew our commitment to safety and compliance and strengthen our management platform while at the same time further enhancing corporate value through the development of innovative technologies and products. In closing, we would like to sincerely ask for your continued understanding and support. July 2023 We encapsulated the spirit of founder Sakichi Toyoda in the Toyoda Precepts, which serve as Toyota Industries’ corporate creed and upon which our Basic Philosophy is based. By engaging in value creation based on the Toyoda Precepts and basic philosophy, we aim to contribute to making the earth a better place to live, enrich lifestyles and promote a compassionate society. Toyoda Precepts / Basic Philosophy Tetsuro Toyoda Chairman Akira Onishi Vice Chairman Koichi Ito President Toyoda Precepts (Corporate Creed) Always be faithful to your duties, thereby contributing to the Company and to the overall good. Always be studious and creative, striving to stay ahead of the times. Always be practical and avoid frivolousness. Always strive to build a homelike atmosphere at work that is warm and friendly. Always have respect for spiritual matters, and remember to be grateful at all times. Basic Philosophy [Respect for the Law] Toyota Industries is determined to comply with the letter and spirit of the law, in Japan and overseas, and to be fair and transparent in all its dealings. [Respect for Others] Toyota Industries is respectful of the people, culture, and traditions of each region and country in which it operates. It also works to promote economic growth and prosperity in those regions and countries. [Respect for the Natural Environment] Through its corporate activities, Toyota Industries works to contribute to regional living conditions and social prosperity and also strives to offer products and services that are clean, safe, and of high quality. [Respect for Customers] Toyota Industries conducts intensive product research and forward-looking development activities to create new value for its customers. [Respect for Employees] Toyota Industries nurtures the inventiveness and other abilities of its employees. It seeks to create a climate of cooperation, so that employees and the Company can realize their full potential. 1

[PAGE 3]
500 1,000 0 1,500 2,000 2,500 3,000 3,500 4,000 Net sales (¥ Billion) 1927 (FY) 1931 1951 1956 1961 1966 1971 1976 1981 1986 1991 1996 2001 2006 2011 2016 2021 2031 2023 1988– [Full-fledged global expansion] 1953– [Business diversification and scale expansion] 1926– [Founding period] 2000– [Expanding business domains utilizing strategic M&As and other schemes] Production of car air-conditioning compressors started Production of lift trucks started Production of Type S engines started Production of Type G automatic looms Production bases for materials handling equipment and car air-conditioning compressors established in the U.S. Materials Handling Equipment Business strengthened through M&As and other schemes Battery Business launched  Targets laid out in Vision 2030 Textile Machinery Automobile Materials Handling Equipment Others Toyota Industries was established to manufacture and sell the Type G automatic loom invented by founder Sakichi Toyoda as well as to engage in invention and research. Carrying on Sakichi’s spirit of contributing to the development of society by manufacturing useful products, we will keep on flexibly responding to the changing times and achieve sustainable growth. History of Toyota Industries Group Founding period 1926– 1926 Toyota Industries established to manufacture and sell Type G automatic looms. 1935 Model A1 passenger car prototype completed. 1937 Automobile Department spun off and Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (now Toyota Motor Corporation) established. 1940 Steel Production Department spun off and Toyoda Steel Works, Ltd. (now Aichi Steel Corporation) established. Business diversification and scale expansion 1953– 1953 Production of Type S engines launched; assembly of automobiles launched. 1954 Toyoda de Mexico established: Toyota Industries’ first foray outside Japan, but withdrew from the country in 1961 due to changes in the surrounding environment. 1956 Production of lift trucks launched: Aimed at business diversification, the operation is started as part of new businesses to expand the application of Type S engines. 1958 Agricultural machinery business launched: Commenced as part of business diversification but is forced to withdraw from the business in 1966 due to inconsistency in performance and inexperience in sales. 1960 Production of car air-conditioning compressors launched. 1967 The Nagakusa Plant commences production of small passenger cars to further expand business. Full-fledged global expansion 1988– 1988 Production outside Japan launched in earnest: Responds to an increase in demand in various countries where Toyota Industries engages in business. Expanding business domains utilizing strategic M&As and other schemes 2000– 2000 Welcomes the BTIndustries Group as a subsidiary to facilitate further growth of the Materials Handling Equipment Business. 2001 Takes over Toyota Motor Corporation’s industrial equipment sales division, becoming responsible for both production and sales. 2003 The world’s first mass production of electric compressors commenced for the second generation of Toyota Prius, responding to an increase in sales of electrified vehicles. 2011 Accelerates the establishment of plants mainly for car air-conditioning compressors and lift trucks in such emerging countries as Indonesia and Brazil. 2017 Augments the Logistics Solutions Business by welcoming Netherlands-based Vanderlande Industries and U.S.-based Bastian Solutions as subsidiaries, thereby meeting rising needs for logistics efficiency and automation. 2021 Production of bipolar nickel-metal hydride batteries for hybrid electric vehicles launched. In 2022, the Ishihama Plant commences operation as a battery production base. Toyota Industries Report 2023 2 3

[PAGE 4]
Toyota Industries works closely with subsidiaries Bastian Solutions LLC and Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V. by leveraging each company’s strengths to contribute to resolving customers’ logistics issues through a combination of various logistics equipment and systems. Toyota Industries plans, develops, produces, sells and provides after-sales services for industrial vehicles centered around lift trucks, which capture the top global market share*. Together with sales financing and proposals for logistics efficiencies, we strive to meet a variety of customer needs. Lift Truck Logistics Solutions We undertake fully integrated operations from planning, development and production to sales and after-sales services for spinning machines that spin twisted fiber bundles into yarn and weaving machines that weave spun yarn into fabrics. With its strengths as a leader in safety, environment, quality, cost and delivery among Toyota Group companies, the Vehicle Business plans, develops and produces the RAV4 for markets in and outside Japan. In addition to automotive diesel engines produced under a structure ranging from planning and development to production, we also produce gasoline engines and industrial engines. Toyota Industries’ car air-conditioning compressors are highly acclaimed in terms of their reliability at high operating speeds and quiet operation in addition to such excellent environmental performance features as compactness, light weight and fuel efficiency. The Car Air-Conditioning Compressor Business captures the world-leading market share in unit sales*. Toyota Industries plans, develops and produces a wide variety of electronics products for electrified vehicles such as hybrid electric vehicles, as well as on-board batteries. Vehicle Engine Car Air-Conditioning Compressor Electronics and Others * Survey by Toyota Industries Corporation Materials Handling Equipment Automobile Textile Machinery Electric lift truck High-speed storage and picking system Airport baggage handling system Electric compressor Oxygen-supplying air compressor for fuel cell electric vehicles DC-DC converter Bipolar nickel-metal hydride battery Gasoline engine for hybrid electric vehicles Diesel engine RAV4 PHVAir-jet loom Ring spinning frame Link to product details The fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 is referred to as fiscal 2023 and other fiscal years are referred to in a corresponding manner. CONTENTSCautionary Statement with Respect to Forward-Looking Statements This report contains projections and other forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The use of the words “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “plan” and similar expressions is intended to identify such forward- looking statements. Projections and forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations and estimates of the Toyota Industries Group regarding its plans, outlook, strategies and results for the future. All such projections and forward- looking statements are based on management’s assumptions and beliefs derived from the information available at the time of producing this report and are not guarantees of future performance. Toyota Industries undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements in this report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Therefore, it is advised that you should not rely solely upon these projections and forward-looking statements in making your investment decisions. You should also be aware that certain risks and uncertainties could cause the actual results of Toyota Industries to differ materially from any projections or forward-looking statements discussed in this report. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: (1) reliance on certain customers, (2) product development capabilities, (3) intellectual property rights, (4) product defects, (5) price competition, (6) reliance on suppliers of raw materials and components, (7) environmental regulations, (8) success or failure of strategic alliances with other companies, (9) exchange rate fluctuations, (10) share price fluctuations, (11) effects of disasters, power blackouts and other incidents, (12) latent risks associated with international activities and (13) retirement benefit liabilities. Editorial policy In aiming to realize a deeper understanding of the Toyota Industries Group among a broad spectrum of stakeholders, the Annual Report and Social and Environmental Report have been combined into the Toyota Industries Report from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008. In addition to the Toyota Industries Group’s management policies, the report provides easy-to-understand information regarding its business, environmental and social activities as well as corporate governance over the past year as well as its future direction. Period covered by the report This report focuses on activities carried out in fiscal 2023 (April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023), but also includes some information outside this period. Reference guidelines • Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standard • ISO 26000 • Japan’s Ministry of the Environment Environmental Accounting Guidelines (2005 Version) • Japan’s Ministry of the Environment Environmental Reporting Guidelines (2018 Version) • International Integrated Reporting Framework by IFRSFoundation Organizations covered in the report Toyota Industries Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries Promotion of ESGInitiatives Environmental Initiatives Promoting Environmental Management 34–37 Contributing to a Carbon Neutral Society 38–40 Establishing a Recycling-Based Society 41–43 Reducing Environmental Risk and Establishing a Society in Harmony with Nature 43–45 Relationship with Our Stakeholders Relationship with Our Customers 46–47 Relationship with Our Business Partners 48–49 Relationship with Our Shareholders and Investors 50 Relationship with Our Associates 51–55 Relationship with Our Local Communities 56–57 Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Structure 58–61 Cross-Shareholdings / Internal Control System 62 Sustainability Implementation Structure 62–63 Respect for Human Rights 63–65 Compliance 66–68 Tax Governance 69 Information Security 69–70 Risk Management 71–72 Toyota Industries’ Activities Related to Intellectual Properties 73 Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, Vice President, Senior Executive Officers and Executive Officers 74–75 Corporate and Financial Information Major Bases 76–77 Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 78–79 Consolidated Eleven-Year Summary 80–81 Financial Statements 82–85 Corporate and Investor Information 86–87 Toyoda Precepts / Basic Philosophy Message from the Chairman, Vice Chairman and President History of Toyota Industries Group Business Overview Contents Inside cover 1 2–3 4 5 Top Message 6–11 Value Creation Value Creation Process 12–15 Initiatives to Resolve Social Issues and Improve Corporate Value 16–17 Initiatives for Growth Business Activities Materials Handling Equipment 18–23 Automobile 24–31 Vehicle 25 Engine 26 Car Air-Conditioning Compressor 27–29 Electronic Devices and Other Products 30–31 Textile Machinery 32 Using our resources and strengths as the foundation, we strive for growth in the Materials Handling Equipment, Automobile and Textile Machinery businesses. At the same time, we aim to enhance our competitiveness by leveraging synergies among these businesses. Business Overview Link to details Click on to related websites. Toyoda Industries Report 2023 PDFThis PDF file is linked to related websites or video sharing websites . * Requires Internet connection How to use this report Read the QR code using a smartphone to view related websites. Toyota Industries Report 2023 4 5

[TABLE] 34–37
[TABLE] 38–40
[TABLE] 41–43
[TABLE] 43–45
[TABLE] 46–47
[TABLE] 48–49
[TABLE] 50
[TABLE] 51–55
[TABLE] 56–57
[TABLE] 58–61
[TABLE] 62
[TABLE] 62–63
[TABLE] 63–65
[TABLE] 66–68
[TABLE] 69
[TABLE] 69–70
[TABLE] 71–72
[TABLE] 73
[TABLE] 74–75
[TABLE] 76–77
[TABLE] 78–79
[TABLE] 80–81
[TABLE] 82–85
[TABLE] 86–87
[TABLE] Link to
product
details
[TABLE] Inside cover
1
2–3
4
5
[TABLE] 6–11
[TABLE] 12–15
[TABLE] 16–17
[TABLE] 18–23
[TABLE] 24–31
[TABLE] 25
[TABLE] 26
[TABLE] 27–29
[TABLE] 30–31
[TABLE] 32
[TABLE] Editorial policy | In aiming to realize a deeper understanding of the Toyota Industries Group among a broad spectrum of stakeholders, the Annual Report
and Social and Environmental Report have been combined into the Toyota Industries Report from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008. In
addition to the Toyota Industries Group’s management policies, the report provides easy-to-understand information regarding its business,
environmental and social activities as well as corporate governance over the past year as well as its future direction.
[TABLE] Period covered
by the report | This report focuses on activities carried out in fiscal
2023 (April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023), but also
includes some information outside this period. | Reference
guidelines | • Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standard
• ISO 26000
• Japan’s Ministry of the Environment Environmental Accounting
Guidelines (2005 Version)
• Japan’s Ministry of the Environment Environmental Reporting
Guidelines (2018 Version)
• International Integrated Reporting Framework by IFRS Foundation
[TABLE] Organizations
covered
in the report | Toyota Industries Corporation and its consolidated
subsidiaries

[PAGE 5]
Regarding the Certification of Engines for Lift Trucks As we confirmed a potential regulatory violation related to Japan’s emissions certification for lift truck engines, we suspended the shipment of the lift trucks for the Japanese market equipped with these engines on March 17, 2023. The incident followed the suspension of the production and shipment of certain models of internal-combustion lift trucks in North America in January 2021.* I wish to express my sincerest apologies for causing a great deal of inconvenience to our customers, dealers, suppliers and many other stakeholders. Reflecting the seriousness of the matter, we have set up a special investigation committee comprising external experts who are not stakeholders. In addition to conducting investigations to reveal the full details and analyzing the root causes, we will formulate measures to prevent recurrence based on the findings. We intend to implement the final countermeasures based on the findings of the committee’s investigation as well as the confirmation of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism and other relevant ministries and agencies. At the same time, we have already been doing whatever we can at present, such as separating the certification function from our development department to reinforce the inspection system for legal certifications. We will fully identify our inadequacies, strive to prevent recurrence by taking the necessary measures and build a corporate culture that places the greatest importance on compliance and safety. Once again, I want to apologize for the inconvenience and concern experienced by our stakeholders. We take this problem seriously and are determined to work to improve. * We later obtained the certification of engines for small lift trucks that are our mainstay models in our sales of gasoline/LPG lift trucks in North America and resumed shipments in May 2022. We will sequentially take measures for the remaining models. External Environment and Review of Fiscal 2023 In fiscal 2023, although the automobile market and the materials handling equipment market remained strong on the back of the recovery of the global economy, the external environment remained difficult overall. Unresolved supply chain disruptions caused production to remain below our targets. The exchange rate fluctuated more widely than expected. In addition, we were affected by global inflation, which caused raw materials, transportation, labor and other costs to soar. In this environment, we sought to increase production as much as possible by steadily capturing opportunities in strong markets and ensuring safety and quality. As a result, we achieved historic-high net sales and a high level of profit. I believe this is because our employees, suppliers and other related people worked as one team and did their best in their respective positions even amid an uncertain future. Aiming to Achieve Continued Growth by Striving to Ensure Safety and Compliance as well as Provide Products and Services That Contribute to the Development of Society TOPMESSAGEOver the years, we have accumulated experience and expertise in various business fields and built relationships of trust with our stakeholders. While valuing such assets, we will work to achieve sustainable growth to contribute to the protection of the environment and the development of society by recognizing changes in the world, the surrounding environment and our situation, retaining what we should and changing what we should. Koichi Ito President Operating profit: +10.9 (from 159.0 to 169.9) billion yen FY2022 results FY2023 results Breakdown of major items US$ Euro +36.6 +5.6 Breakdown of major items Energy costs Depreciation (11.5) (5.8) Exchange rate Engine certification related costs (52.5) Raw materials and parts costs (17.5) Labor costs (12.5) Logistics costs (31.9) Expenses & others (20.7) Sales +87.0 +45.0 +14.0 169.9 159.0 (¥Billion) Cost reduction Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Changes in operating profit Toyota Industries Report 2023 6 7

[PAGE 6]
Results by business segment are as follows. In automobile-related businesses, our production structure was well prepared to ensure that we were able to tap into the recovery of the automobile market. We were forced to set non- operation days at the Nagakusa Plant for vehicle assembly and at other plants due to the impact of COVID-19 and the shortage of semiconductors and other parts. However, we achieved our highest net sales in the Automobile Segment since the adoption of the International Financial Reporting Standards in fiscal 2017, underpinned by other businesses such as car air-conditioning compressors. In the Materials Handling Equipment Business, demand was strong for both lift trucks and logistics solutions. Although we had to raise prices due to inflation, orders received remained robust, and net sales reached a record high. On the other hand, the instability of the supply chain also had repercussions for the Materials Handling Equipment Business, and production and unit sales of lift trucks were below the initial plan. As for logistics solutions, things didn’t turn out as we expected, such as delays in the progress of projects and cost increases. These factors negatively impacted profits of the Materials Handling Equipment Business as a whole. Going forward, we would like to remain highly responsive and flexible to an uncertain future and the accelerating changes in the external environment. What We Can Learn from Our History Since our establishment, we have engaged in research and development based on manufacturing that contributes to the improvement of society by identifying customer needs as the world has undergone changes in many ways. Our history started with the manufacturing and sales of automatic looms. However, we did not limit ourselves to textile machinery and entered the automobile business anticipating the motorization of society. We subsequently expanded our business domains to include the materials handling equipment business focused on lift trucks, and we continue to grow steadily. In addition, we have been proactively expanding outside Japan since the 1980s. Combined with M&A activities, these efforts have broadened the scope of our activities globally. Based on our founding spirit, we have been focusing on our strengths and what the world needs while working steadily to establish a solid foothold. I believe this has allowed us to overcome many hardships, such as World War II, the 1973 oil crisis and the 2008 global financial crisis. It has made us what we are today. At present, we provide diverse products with a focus on automobile- related businesses and the Materials Handling Equipment Business. Looking back at the past, however, it was never smooth sailing. In 1954, we established a textile machinery production base in Mexico. However, we were forced to withdraw from the country in a matter of less than eight years due to reasons such as a delay in factory construction and the Mexican government’s retraction of support. I believe that this firsthand experience of the difficulties of doing business outside Japan was leveraged in our subsequent global expansion. In 1958, we launched the agricultural machinery business but again withdrew from it after roughly eight years due to the inconsistency of our products’ performance and our inexperience in sales. I think that the takeaways from these bitter lessons were how to navigate difficulties in manufacturing outside Japan and the value to be cherished in sales activities. We currently face various difficulties and we will certainly be confronted with hardships in the future. Carrying on our founding spirit and learning from our history, which is built on the painstaking efforts of our predecessors, we are committed to making our utmost efforts and overcoming setbacks so that when we look back in the future, we will find meaning in such experiences. Medium-Term Direction Expanding Businesses to Achieve Vision 2030 The performance of the Textile Machinery Business has many ups and downs because it is greatly affected by the global textile markets. Therefore, we aimed to break away from being dependent on a single business and began to focus our efforts on the diversification of our business in the 1950s. Lift trucks and car air-conditioning compressors, which we developed through a series of trial and error, have now grown into core businesses that drive our company. Fortunately, both our Automobile Business and Materials Handling Equipment Business have continued to grow steadily thanks in part to the ongoing expansion of the market. We will engage in R&D and sales expansion activities with a focus on these two businesses to achieve Vision 2030, which represents what we aspire to be in the medium term. Specifically, we will focus our efforts on the domains of electrification and automation, which are identified as our CSR material issues (materiality), to create new values. In the field of automobiles, the move toward electrification is irreversible. As such, we will capture opportunities created by the expansion of the market, with a clear focus on electric compressors that can be installed in all types of electrified vehicles, and strive to further expand sales of car electronics products and bipolar nickel-metal hydride batteries for hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs). Turning to the field of materials handling equipment, the logistics volume is expected to increase in tandem with the global economy, which is projected Type G automatic loom TIEM established IFRS 500 0 1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 3,000 3,500 4,000 Achieving sustainable growth in harmony with society Operating profit (¥ Billion) 1,479.8 68.7 2,243.2 2,250.4 134.7 122.9 2,003.9 147.4 2,214.9 134.6 2,171.3 128.2 2,118.3 118.1 2,705.1 159.0 3,379.8 169.9 (Over ¥4 trillion) Over ¥400 billion Operating profit ratio of 10% 1,675.1 127.3 (FY) 2011 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2031 JGAAPNet sales Automobile Materials Handling Equipment/Logistics ( ) Electric compressor Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information 2030 Vision targets Toyota Industries Report 2023 8 9

[TABLE] Automob | ile
[TABLE] Materials Ha
Equipment/Lo | ndling
gistics

[PAGE 7]
to grow in the medium term. Moreover, the development of e-commerce has led to the increasing frequency and smaller units of delivery. We expect that the need for labor savings, greater efficiency and automation of logistics operations will continue to increase in response to changes in the surrounding environment that includes rising labor costs, labor shortage and workstyle reforms at logistics sites. In response, we intend to meet customer expectations in dual business fields of lift trucks, of which we offer a full lineup around the world, and logistics solutions, for which we provide products and services for projects of all sizes in many different regions. Further Strengthening Relationships with Stakeholders by Striving to Achieve Even Greater Harmony with Society To achieve sustainable growth in harmony with society, it is important to ensure that our businesses continue to benefit society, instead of relying solely on the growth of the market. It is when we are needed and selected by society that we can grow. We will engage in activities primarily for the happiness of customers and all stakeholders involved in our businesses, not to mention the protection of the global environment. At the same time, we will strive to further reinforce the foundation supporting our corporate activities, including our organizations, systems, human resource development and digitalization. On the environmental front, climate change is a challenge that urgently needs to be addressed on a global scale and we have been acting accordingly. In production, for example, we are producing results by consistently working on energy-saving activities and sharing best practices among business divisions. We intend to persistently pursue these activities. Meanwhile, we have been utilizing renewable energy and developing new technologies conducive to decarbonization to steadily advance initiatives to achieve carbon neutrality. In the field of product development, we plan to reduce the environmental impact of using our products by applying our electrification, fuel cell and other technologies while facilitating collaboration between the Materials Handling Equipment Business and the automobile-related businesses. At the same time, we will work to improve the competitiveness of our products. Regarding biodiversity, which is closely related to climate change, our employees participate proactively in conservation activities that take advantage of the characteristics of each plant, mainly in the vicinity of our production bases. We intend to expand these initiatives in the future. Looking at social responsibility, we will strive to enhance the whole Toyota Industries Group through a variety of initiatives already being undertaken to date. They include carrying out comprehensive safety measures with a clear focus on ensuring thorough compliance, promoting diversity and respecting human rights not only in all our corporate activities but throughout the supply chain. Based on the Human Rights Policy formulated in 2021, we will strive to steadily enhance activities regarding respect for human rights, without limiting these activities to within the supply chain. We will also enhance dialogue with investors, shareholders and other stakeholders to promote their understanding of our current situation and stance as well as identify the areas where they consider we are doing well and we are not taking sufficient measures. We will continue to ensure these findings are reflected in our management. Going forward, our efforts will focus on identifying changes in society and the things that are required of us through dialogue with our stakeholders, thus contributing to the development of society as a good corporate citizen. Building a Foundation for Sustainable Growth To reinforce our foundation, it is important to make sure that every employee understands the importance of safety, health and quality based on compliance, and that these basics are continually emphasized and enforced. Based on this understanding, we will strive to reinforce our foundation for sustainable growth through two-pronged strategies. One is to promote the adoption of information and digital technologies and use them for reskilling a wide spectrum of employees, from young employees to older employees. The other is to maintain and increase our overall competitiveness by enabling our diverse employees to leverage their diversity, facilitating collaboration and providing venues for them to thrive. In this dramatically changing environment, we will build a foundation that will turn change into an opportunity rather than a risk. As for corporate governance, we will seek to build an optimal structure to achieve the sound and sustainable development of the Toyota Industries Group while considering changes in what is expected of companies. As we aim to realize highly effective governance, we will continue to ensure that the Board of Directors engages in open and robust discussion while leading the Toyota Industries Group in a well-balanced manner based on diverse opinions, thereby connecting these efforts to enhance corporate value. For the promotion of the diversity of executives, we believe it should involve more than just formality. It is an important Company-wide task that entails the continued development of a workplace environment enabling women and other diverse human resources to fully demonstrate their capabilities. Based on this belief, we will take a bottom-up approach to implement this initiative. In Conclusion We desire to develop businesses by gaining the understanding and support of our stakeholders through the provision of products and services that are helpful to society, thus contributing to making the earth a better place to live, enriching lifestyles and promoting a compassionate society. To achieve this goal, we will recognize and squarely face the current situation, rectify the points that require rectification and look forward to the future in our efforts to achieve corporate growth. We will attach importance to safety and quality with compliance as a fundamental principle and strive to build a workplace environment that enables diverse colleagues to thrive and work with a sense of pride. Through these efforts, we will continue to forge ahead so that we will remain needed by society. We look forward to your continued understanding and support as we endeavor to implement these initiatives. Pocket sorter by Vanderlande Fuel cell lift truck Information session on the Materials Handling Equipment Business Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Toyota Industries Report 2023 10 11

[PAGE 8]
Toyoda Precepts Basic Philosophy Contribute to making the earth a better place to live, enrich lifestyles, and promote a compassionate society by supporting industrial and social infrastructure around the world through the continuous supply of products/services that anticipate customers’ needs. Diverse human resources committed to creating and delivering products and services that contribute to society  Human resources comprised of more than 70,000 employees possessing diverse strengths in their respective business field  Certified as a Health and Productivity Management Organization  Systems and training programs to help individual employees to demonstrate their abilities to the fullest regardless of age or gender  Lifting Group-wide capabilities to the next level through global exchanges across businesses and functions Technology, expertise and know-how related to automobiles and materials handling equipment  Strengthening development capability and competitiveness through collaboration between the Materials Handling Equipment and Automobile-related businesses  Accumulation of knowledge thanks to involvement in the production of automobiles spanning from vehicle assembly to the development of key components  Wide-ranging responsiveness and sustainable growth potential stemming from technologies in the development of both automation and electrification  Research and development mainly on automation and electrification by also drawing on external expertise Production structure and investments in tangible assets to deliver quality products to customers around the world  Superb quality and productivity based on the Toyota Production System  Globally stable production and supply structures of respective businesses  Proactive capital investment for further business expansion Extensive sales and service networks together with relationships of trust with various stakeholders  Global sales and service networks mainly for materials handling equipment  Close collaboration with Toyota Group companies as well as major automakers and other manufacturers around the world  Sustainable supply chain built on mutual cooperation with business partners  Proactive dialogue with shareholders, investors and members of local communities Group-wide initiatives aimed at reducing environmental impact and realizing a carbon neutral society  Business activities to realize clean/zero emissions in terms of production and products  Proactive initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions and introduce renewable energy on a global scale  Activities to reduce logistics-derived CO2 emissions per unit of production (non-consolidated) and waste generation Solid financial foundation underpinning sustained business expansion  Share of equity attributable to owners of the parent: ¥3,837.4 billion  Net cash provided by operating activities: ¥194.9 billion  Equity ratio: 49.1%  Return on equity: 5.0% Vision 2030 CSRMateriality Aspiration in the Medium to Long Term and CSRMateriality Since our founding, we have strived to achieve sustained growth by flexibly responding to a drastically changing society based on the six capitals we have accumulated to date. Based on the Toyoda Precepts (corporate creed) and basic philosophy, we have been working to directly address the changes and challenges surrounding society and make the most of the core assets and strengths we have accumulated to date to achieve our 2030 Vision and CSR material issues. Social issues and changes Six Capitals Supporting Growth Electrification Automation Climate change Energy Resources Water issues Digitalization Work style diversification Geopolitical risks Declining birthrate and aging population Manufacturing Capital Social and Relationship Capital Natural Capital Financial Capital Human Capital Intellectual Capital Link to details on Vision 2030 Link to CSR Materiality Make the e arth a bette r plac e to li ve, en rich lif estyles , and promo te a c ompa ssion ate s ociet y “Cl ean /zer o e miss ions ,” “s afe/ relia ble, com fort able ” an d “s mar t” “Cl ean /zer o e miss ions ,” “s afe/ relia ble, com fort able ” an d “s mar t” Automobile Manufacturing foundation Create new values by being studious and creative TPSToyoda Precepts Take on challenges and enter into new businesses Take on challenges and enter into new businesses Materials Handling Equipment / Logistics Textile Machinery Textile Machinery Team strength CSRMateriality Resolving Social Issues through Our Business  Mitigation of Global Warming  Contribution to Circular Economy  Creation of Innovative Values  Products and Services Which Contribute to Safety, Reliability and Comfort  Mutual Prosperity through Partnerships with Local Communities  Safe and Healthy Work Environments  Leveraging Diversity and Inclusion  Sustainable Procurement  Compliance and Risk Management Foundation Supporting Our Business Operations SDGs to Contribute In line with our founding spirit, Toyota Industries remains committed to creating value and contributing to society by engaging in and developing our diverse businesses. Value Creation Process Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Value Creation Process Toyota Industries Report 2023 12 13

[TABLE] TTaakkee oonn cchhaalllleennggeess aa | nndd eennttee | rr iinnttoo nneeww bbuu
[TABLE] MMaacc

[PAGE 9]
Contributing to such needs as electrification, automation and energy savings as well as safety and reliability through high-quality products and services Customers Co-existence and co-prosperity based on mutual trust cultivated through open, fair and equitable business relationships Business Partners Returning profits to shareholders and investors by enhancing corporate value through sustainable growth Shareholders and Investors Developing employees’ work values and motivating them to demonstrate their potential by creating safe and secure workplaces for diverse human resources Employees Contributing to the prosperity of each country and local community through promoting social welfare, youth development, environmental protection, community contribution and other activities Local Communities Contributing to reducing CO2 emissions, mitigating resource depletion and curtailing environmental risks by promoting environmental management Global Environment Values and Joys for Stakeholders Further Evolution and Growth Utilizing and enhancing six capitals We will meet the expectations of our stakeholders by achieving sustainable growth and enhancing not only the value of our products and services but also the value of the Toyota Industries Group itself. Business Results Using our resources and strengths as the foundation, we strive for growth in the Materials Handling Equipment, Automobile and Textile Machinery businesses. At the same time, we aim to enhance our competitiveness by leveraging synergies among these businesses. Lift trucks and logistics solutions that contribute to greater logistics efficiency for customers Materials Handling Equipment Weaving and spinning machinery to produce fabrics and yarns of high quality and soft texture Textile Machinery Comfortable and appealing automobiles Fuel-efficient and clean engines Car air-conditioning compressors that realize a comfortable vehicle interior Electronics and batteries that contribute to the electrification of automobiles, etc. Automobile Human capital Social and relationship capital Intellectual capital Natural capital Manufacturing capital Financial capital Operating Profit Net Sales Net Sales Net Sales Operating Profit Operating Profit (¥Billion) (FY) 0 500 1,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 21 22 23 (FY) (¥Billion) 0 30 60 150 120 90 21 22 23 (¥Billion) 0 1,000 800 600 200 400 (FY) 21 22 23 21 22 23 21 22 23 21 22 23 (¥Billion) 0 30 40 20 10 (FY) 0 60 100 80 40 20 (¥Billion) (FY) 8 6 4 0 2 -2 (¥Billion) (FY) Materials Handling Equipment Automobile Textile Machinery Net sales FY2023 ¥3,379.8 billion ¥2,283.8 billion ¥957.8 billion ¥84.3 billion Operating profit FY2023 ¥169.9 billion ¥121.8 billion ¥34.6 billion ¥7.8 billion Contribute to making the earth a better place to live, enrich lifestyles, and promote a compassionate society Creation of greater corporate value Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Value Creation Process Toyota Industries Report 2023 14 15

[TABLE] Materials Handling Equipment
(¥Billion) Operating (¥Billion)
Net Sales 2,500 Profit 150
Lift trucks and logistics solutions that
[TABLE] Lift trucks and logistics solutions that
[TABLE] contribute to greater logistics efficiency
for customers
[TABLE] Automobile
(¥Billion) Operating (¥Billion)
Net Sales 1,000 Profit 40
[TABLE] Comfortable and appealing automobiles
Fuel-efficient and clean engines
Car air-conditioning compressors that realize
a comfortable vehicle interior
Electronics and batteries that contribute to the
electrification of automobiles, etc.
[TABLE] Textile Machinery
(¥Billion) Operating (¥Billion)
Net Sales 100 Profit 8
[TABLE] Weaving and spinning machinery to
produce fabrics and yarns of high quality
and soft texture

[PAGE 10]
Initiatives to Resolve Social Issues and Improve Corporate Value Under the Toyoda Precepts (corporate creed), Toyota Industries has been undertaking a broad range of businesses by upholding the philosophy of contributing to society since its founding. In keeping with recent changes in the business environment, we have clarified which social issues we should tackle as our CSR material issues, and will work for the resolution of these issues. We use part of the evaluation on target achievements for initiatives on key CSR materiality items as a reference index for calculating bonuses for executives. CSRMateriality Contribution to Vision 2030 (Aspiration) Action Policies Action Targets and Activities Targets (FY to achieve) Results for FY2023 Page number Targets for FY2024 l Mitigation of Global Warming l Contribution to Circular Economy SDGs to Contribute Clean/zero emissions: Mitigating global warming and achieving a circular economy through such initiatives as reducing CO2 emissions and waste in our business activities and expanding the lineup of environmentally friendly products in our efforts to contribute to maintaining and improving the global environment over the long run l Reducing CO2 emissions from production activities l Reduce production-derived CO2 emissions Total emissions –25%* (vs FY14 level) (2026) –30% P. 38–40 — l Adopt renewable energy sources Introduction rate 15% (2026) 15% P. 38–40 — l Reducing CO2 emissions from production- related logistics l Reduce logistics-derived CO2 emissions Emission volume per unit of production (non-consolidated) –11% (vs FY14 level) (2026) –8% — — l Reducing CO2 emissions through product and technology development l Develop technologies that contribute to an even greater level of energy efficiency — P. 38–40 — l Effective resource utilization in production activities l Reduce waste generation volume Waste generation volume per unit of production (non-consolidated) –12% (vs FY14 level) (2026) –17% P. 41–43 — l Promote water conservation activities corresponding to the water situations in each country and region — P. 41 — l Implementing initiatives to promote 3R (reduce, reuse and recycle) design for effective resource utilization l Reduce use of resources and promote reuse and recycling of resources — P. 41–43 — l Creation of Innovative Values SDGs to Contribute Creation of innovative value, smart: Contributing to achieving a “smart” society and more enriched lifestyles by resolving social issues through technological advancement and innovation that create new value l Promoting development of new technologies that create new value l Improving core technologies and utilizing the new knowledge of business partners to enter into peripheral fields of existing businesses while developing and offering technologies and products in new business fields l Ratio of R&D expenses for electrification and automation Over 70% (2031) 54.1% P. 19–20 P. 27–29 P. 31 58% l Expand peripheral fields and new business fields Net sales Over ¥1 trillion (2031) — — Develop new technologies and products that contribute to resolving environmental and social issues — — Develop new technologies and products for logistics automation and expand sales (Materials Handling Equipment) Sales of automation products (growth rate) Twofold (100%) (vs FY2021) (2031) Up 50.1% P. 19–23 Up 71% l Products and Services Which Contribute to Safety, Reliability and Comfort l Mutual Prosperity through Partnerships with Local Communities SDGs to Contribute Safe/reliable, comfortable: Contributing to creating a compassionate society by offering products and services that anticipate the needs of customers and various stakeholders and that are safe, reliable and comfortable to use while fulfilling our responsibilities as a member of society to thrive together l Enhancing electrification-related products and services that are highly functional, ecologically sound and adaptable as social infrastructure l Offering high-quality and safe products and services and maintaining and improving the structure to realize this goal l Continuously promoting grassroots activities in local communities and thrive together as a member of society l Expand sales of electrification-related products (all businesses) Ratio of electrification-related products to net sales Over 70% (2031) 42.2% — 46% Offer highly efficient and energy-saving electric compressors that are excellent in terms of quiet operation and comfort (Automobile Business) — P. 27–29 — Offer clean and high-quality fuel cell units and on-board batteries (Automobile and Materials Handling Equipment businesses) — P. 31 — Offer power source-related products, on-board or otherwise, that can also be used as social infrastructure during disasters and other occasions (Automobile Business) — P. 30–31 — l Conduct product risk assessment (target products) Implementation rate (non-consolidated) 100% (2031) 100% P. 46–47 100% l Promote quality education Training participation rate (non-consolidated) 100% (2031) 92.3% P. 47 100% l Promote social contribution activities Expenditure/number of participants ¥910 million/ 28,500 persons P. 57 — Contribute to biodiversity conservation of local communities — P. 43–45 — Promote other community contribution activities — P. 56–57 — l Safe and Healthy Work Environments l Leveraging Diversity and Inclusion l Sustainable Procurement l Compliance and Risk Management — l Fostering safe and healthy workplaces for everyone l Creating the environment for everyone to get a fair share of opportunities to develop and demonstrate their potential l Establishing the foundation to remain a company that is trusted and needed by society l Eliminate serious accidents Number of serious accidents 0 (2031) 0 P. 53–54 0 Frequency rate of lost workday injuries (non-consolidated) 0.00 (2031) 0.06 P. 54 0.00 l Utilize diverse human resources Ratio of female managers (non-consolidated) 3.6% (2031) 1.7% P. 52 — Ratio of employees with disabilities (non-consolidated) Over 2.7% (2031) 2.57% P. 52 Over 2.4% l Maintain sound transactions and strengthen structure throughout the supply chain Implementation rate of sustainability checks on target suppliers (non-consolidated) 100% (2031) 100% (1,140 companies) P. 49 100% l Eliminate serious compliance violations Number of violations 0 (2031) 1 P. 66 0 l Promote risk management activities taking a risk-based approach Improve BCP effectiveness — P. 71–72 — Respond to cybersecurity risks Number of serious incidents 0 (2031) 0 P. 70 0 Process to Determine CSRMateriality Identification of Issues Relevant to Toyota Industries Assessment of Importance Validation of Adequacy Approval by Top Management Identifying, among various social issues, the ones relevant to our business activities based on the United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and 169 targets as well as guidelines [Items we refer to] 1) 17 SDGs and 169 targets 2) Important ESG items Assessing the importance of the identified issues from both internal and external viewpoints to select those having higher degrees of importance [Assessment method] 1) Conducting questionnaires and discussions with relevant internal departments 2) Plotting onto a 2 x 2 materiality matrix to select issues having higher degrees of importance Conducting reviews by both our top management and outside experts to receive feedback and confirm the adequacy of the selected issues Gaining approval of the CSR Committee chaired by the president and comprising our top management based on the validation results Importance for Toyota Industries Importance when viewed from outside Link to details Resolving Social Issues through Our Business Foundation Supporting Our Business Operations * As a more ambitious target, we are aiming for a 50% reduction by fiscal 2031 from the fiscal 2014 level. Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Initiatives to Resolve Social Issues and Improve Corporate Value Toyota Industries Report 2023 16 17

[TABLE] Link to
details
[TABLE] CSR Materiality | Contribution to Vision 2030 (Aspiration) | Action Policies | Action Targets and Activities | Targets | (FY to
achieve) | Results for FY2023 | Page
number | Targets for
FY2024
[TABLE] ssenisuB
ruO
hguorht
seussI
laicoS
gnivloseR | l Mitigation of Global Warming
l Contribution to Circular Economy
SDGs to Contribute | Clean/zero emissions:
Mitigating global warming and achieving a
circular economy through such initiatives as
reducing CO2 emissions and waste in our
business activities and expanding the lineup of
environmentally friendly products in our efforts to
contribute to maintaining and improving the
global environment over the long run | l Reducing CO2 emissions from production
activities | l Reduce production-derived CO2 emissions
Total emissions | –25 *
%
(vs FY14 level) | (2026) | –30
% | P. 38–40 | —
[TABLE] l Adopt renewable energy sources
Introduction rate | 15
% | (2026) | 15
% | P. 38–40 | —
[TABLE] l Reducing CO2 emissions from production-
related logistics | l Reduce logistics-derived CO2 emissions
Emission volume per unit of production (non-consolidated) | –11
%
(vs FY14 level) | (2026) | –8
% | — | —
[TABLE] l Reducing CO2 emissions through product
and technology development | l Develop technologies that contribute to an even greater level of energy efficiency | — | P. 38–40 | —
[TABLE] l Effective resource utilization in production
activities | l Reduce waste generation volume
Waste generation volume per unit of production (non-consolidated) | –12
%
(vs FY14 level) | (2026) | –17
% | P. 41–43 | —
[TABLE] l Promote water conservation activities corresponding to the water situations in each country
and region | — | P. 41 | —
[TABLE] l Implementing initiatives to promote 3R
(reduce, reuse and recycle) design for
effective resource utilization | l R educe use of resources and promote reuse and recycling of resources | — | P. 41–43 | —
[TABLE] l Creation of Innovative Values
SDGs to Contribute | Creation of innovative value, smart:
Contributing to achieving a “smart” society and
more enriched lifestyles by resolving social issues
through technological advancement and
innovation that create new value | l Promoting development of new technologies
that create new value
l Improving core technologies and utilizing the
new knowledge of business partners to enter
into peripheral fields of existing businesses
while developing and offering technologies
and products in new business fields | l R atio of R&D expenses for electrification and automation | 70
Over % | (2031) | 54.1
% | P. 19–20
P. 27–29
P. 31 | 58
%
[TABLE] l E xpand peripheral fields and new business fields Net sales | ¥1
Over trillion | (2031) | — | —
[TABLE] Develop new technologies and products that contribute to resolving environmental and social issues | — | —
[TABLE] Develop new technologies and products for logistics automation and expand sales
(Materials Handling Equipment)
Sales of automation products (growth rate) | Twofold
(100 )
%
(vs FY2021) | (2031) | 50.1
Up % | P. 19–23 | 71
Up %
[TABLE] l Products and Services Which
Contribute to Safety, Reliability and
Comfort
l Mutual Prosperity through
Partnerships with Local
Communities
SDGs to Contribute | Safe/reliable, comfortable:
Contributing to creating a compassionate society
by offering products and services that anticipate
the needs of customers and various stakeholders
and that are safe, reliable and comfortable to use
while fulfilling our responsibilities as a member of
society to thrive together | l Enhancing electrification-related products
and services that are highly functional,
ecologically sound and adaptable as social
infrastructure
l Offering high-quality and safe products and
services and maintaining and improving the
structure to realize this goal
l Continuously promoting grassroots activities
in local communities and thrive together as a
member of society | l E xpand sales of electrification-related products (all businesses)
Ratio of electrification-related products to net sales | 70
Over % | (2031) | 42.2
% | — | 46
%
[TABLE] Offer highly efficient and energy-saving electric compressors that are excellent in terms of quiet operation and
comfort (Automobile Business) | — | P. 27–29 | —
[TABLE] Offer clean and high-quality fuel cell units and on-board batteries (Automobile and Materials Handling Equipment
businesses) | — | P. 31 | —
[TABLE] Offer power source-related products, on-board or otherwise, that can also be used as social infrastructure during disasters and
other occasions (Automobile Business) | — | P. 30–31 | —
[TABLE] l C onduct product risk assessment (target products)
Implementation rate (non-consolidated) | 100
% | (2031) | 100
% | P. 46–47 | 100
%
[TABLE] l P romote quality education Training participation rate (non-consolidated) | 100
% | (2031) | 92.3
% | P. 47 | 100
%
[TABLE] l Promote social contribution activities Expenditure/number of participants | ¥910
million/
28,500
persons | P. 57 | —
[TABLE] Contribute to biodiversity conservation of local communities | — | P. 43–45 | —
[TABLE] Promote other community contribution activities | — | P. 56–57 | —
[TABLE] ruO
snoitarepO
gnitroppuS
ssenisuB
noitadnuoF | l Safe and Healthy Work
Environments
l Leveraging Diversity and Inclusion
l Sustainable Procurement
l Compliance and Risk Management | — | l Fostering safe and healthy workplaces for
everyone
l Creating the environment for everyone to get
a fair share of opportunities to develop and
demonstrate their potential
l Establishing the foundation to remain a
company that is trusted and needed by
society | l E liminate serious accidents Number of serious accidents | 0 | (2031) | 0 | P. 53–54 | 0
[TABLE] Frequency rate of lost workday injuries (non-consolidated) | 0.00 | (2031) | 0.06 | P. 54 | 0.00
[TABLE] l U tilize diverse human resources Ratio of female managers (non-consolidated) | 3.6
% | (2031) | 1.7
% | P. 52 | —
[TABLE] Ratio of employees with disabilities (non-consolidated) | 2.7
Over % | (2031) | 2.57
% | P. 52 | 2.4
Over %
[TABLE] l M aintain sound transactions and strengthen structure throughout the supply chain
[TABLE] Implementation rate of sustainability checks on target suppliers (non-consolidated) | 100
% | (2031) | 100
%
(1,140 )
companies | P. 49 | 100
%
[TABLE] l E liminate serious compliance violations Number of violations | 0 | (2031) | 1 | P. 66 | 0
[TABLE] l Promote risk management activities taking a risk-based approach
[TABLE] Improve BCP effectiveness | — | P. 71–72 | —
[TABLE] Respond to cybersecurity risks Number of serious incidents | 0 | (2031) | 0 | P. 70 | 0

[PAGE 11]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Materials Handling Equipment As a market leader with an extensive knowledge of global logistics needs, Toyota Industries provides a range of materials handling equipment, mainly lift trucks, and logistics solutions to customers. Business Activities Business Activities Medium-Term Direction of Business We will work to develop and propose new products and services incorporating cutting-edge technologies through the proactive use of open innovation and co-creation with customers. Our goal is to become the logistics solutions partner of the first choice for customers by meeting their wide-ranging needs and helping them increase their logistics efficiencies based on the Toyota Industries Group’s comprehensive strengths covering both the lift trucks and logistics solutions fields. At the same time, we aim to resolve social issues and realize a sustainable society through logistics. Business Overview in Fiscal 2023 Despite a decline from 2021, sales in the lift truck market in 2022 remained at a 2-million-unit level on the back of the continued demand recovery following the resumption of economic activities around the world. Amid this business climate, Toyota Industries engaged in sales and after-sales services corresponding to respective markets. As a result, unit sales of lift trucks for fiscal 2023 were up 35,000 units, or 12%, to a total of 317,000 units from the previous fiscal year. In the Logistics Solutions Business, we continued to see strong demand related to e-commerce and warehouse logistics as well as a recovery in airport-related orders. Capitalizing on this development, we have sought to further strengthen our business through collaboration with our subsidiaries engaging in logistics solutions operations in Europe and the United States and by welcoming a German company as our subsidiary. As a result, net sales in fiscal 2023 increased ¥494.4 billion, or 28%, from the previous fiscal year to ¥2,283.8 billion. Toyota Material Handling Group ¥121.8 billion FY2023 ¥113.6 billion FY2022 Operating Profit ¥2,283.8 billion FY2023 ¥1,789.4 billion FY2022 Net Sales Link to product details Business Structure Toyota Industries’ Materials Handling Equipment Business is operated under a two-organization structure: Toyota Material Handling Group (TMHG) responsible for the Lift Truck Business and Toyota Advanced Logistics Group (TALG) engaging in the Logistics Solutions Business. TMHG and TALG collaborate to achieve overall growth of the Materials Handling Equipment Business while reinforcing individual businesses. Toyota Material Handling Group (TMHG) As a market leader in the materials handling equipment and logistics fields, Toyota Industries’ comprehensive strengths lie in its ability to respond to specific and ever-changing needs of customers on a global scale. We assist customers worldwide in attaining greater logistics efficiencies by delivering optimal solutions to each logistics site. Under the TMHG management structure, we engage in the Lift Truck Business under the TOYOTA, BT, RAYMOND, CESAB and Tailift brands. Mutually utilizing the development and sales strengths of each brand, TMHG is promoting business globally. We basically carry out product development in three regions, namely Japan, North America and Europe. Based on this structure, we develop and manufacture products in each region, which are matched to the specific local needs and characteristics, and ensure quick product delivery to customers. At the same time, we seek greater product appeal by conducting in-house development and production of such key components as engines and motors, which greatly influence the performance of lift trucks. While continuously offering products that will contribute to the safety of customers’ logistics sites, we are improving the energy-saving performance and enhancing our electric lift truck lineup in response to the trend toward decarbonization, including enforcement of stricter environmental regulations and growing eco-consciousness worldwide. We are also promoting the development of autonomous driving technology as a response to growing needs for greater logistics efficiencies mainly driven by labor shortages. In addition to supplying high-quality products, we consider our strength to be able to support customers throughout our entire value chain, which encompasses everything from providing after-sales services through our extensive networks to offering sales financing operations. On the sales front, we are offering products and logistics improvement solutions optimally matched to individual customers’ logistics sites. Simultaneously, we are responding to needs for fleet management that optimizes the operation of multiple lift trucks for customers conducting business globally. In terms of services, we have established a structure to provide swifter and more efficient after-sales services by centrally and digitally managing information on lift trucks owned by customers and their history of repairs while assigning experienced and highly skilled personnel and utilizing leading-edge information technology (IT). As another effort, we are putting in place a structure to offer extensive after-sales services by establishing a system to certify dealers’ after-sales service facilities and offering programs to train service staff so that customers can use our products with an increased sense of reassurance. We are also strengthening our internal sales financing operations mainly in Europe, the United States and other developed countries in order to flexibly respond to customers’ diverse needs for fund procurement. Additionally, TMHG is collaborating with TALG to create synergies between the lift trucks and logistics solutions fields in development and other domains. Strengths • An extensive logistics-related product lineup both for lift trucks (internal-combustion type, electric type, fuel cell (FC) type, etc.) and logistics solutions products (automated storage and retrieval systems, automatic guided vehicle (AGV) systems, automated lift trucks, etc.) • High technological capabilities, including those linked to environmental and safety performance • Production know-how that ensures high levels of quality and production efficiency • Global, well-developed production, sales and service networks • An extensive value chain encompassing in-house development and production of engines, motors and other key components; total after-sales services including maintenance and inspections as well as operational management; and sales financing operations offering more options in sales • No. 1*1 in lift truck unit sales in the world • A wealth of experience and know-how as well as a global network in the Logistics Solutions Business • Software development capability to create such systems as a warehouse management system *1: Survey by Toyota Industries Corporation Opportunities • An expansion of global logistics volume in line with an increase in the world population and economic growth • Growing need for products with high fuel efficiency and low environmental impact that contribute to carbon neutrality • Growing needs for higher logistics efficiencies, automation and labor saving prompted mainly by soaring labor costs and labor shortages • Increased recognition that logistics is an essential business Risks • Restrained capital investment due mainly to a slowing economy and disasters • Weaker sales due to intensifying competition • Change in business environment triggered by an expanding market of low- to mid-priced lift trucks • Suspension of production caused by supply chain disruptions • Weaker demand for internal-combustion lift trucks resulting from more stringent environmental regulations • Emergence of next-generation robotics products as an alternative to lift trucks Business Characteristics (Thousand units) 300 200 100 0 (FY) Materials Handling Equipment Sales 22 21 20 19 23 The Toyota Material Handling Group possesses several brands such as TOYOTA, BT and RAYMOND and engages in business by dividing the world into five areas: TMHJ (Japan), TMHNA (North America), TMHE (Europe), TMHI (Asia, Australia, etc.) and TMHCN (China). TMHJToyota Material Handling Japan TMHNAToyota Material Handling North America TMHEToyota Material Handling Europe TMHIToyota Material Handling International TMHCNToyota Material Handling China TMHGElectric lift truck Reach-type electric lift truck Electric low lift truck Internal-combustion lift truck Automated lift truck Main Products World No. 1 Toyota Industries’ Global Lift Truck Market Share (Survey by Toyota Industries Corporation, 2022) Toyota Industries 20% Toyota Industries Report 2023 18 19

[TABLE] Link to
product
details

[PAGE 12]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Japanese Market In 2022, the Japanese lift truck market saw only a slight increase in sales from the previous year due mainly to the impact of the spread of COVID-19 variants. Unit sales of Toyota Industries’ lift trucks increased 4% from the previous fiscal year to 49,000 units, and maintained the top position*5 in fiscal 2023 for the 57th consecutive year. The diversification of customer needs, heightened on the back of changes such as an expansion of the e-commerce market, labor shortages and growing safety and environmental consciousness among companies, has further accelerated. As the leading manufacturer of materials handling equipment, Toyota Industries has been proactively promoting the development and release of new products that lead to resolving issues facing customers. Amid the accelerated move in Japan toward achieving carbon neutrality, Toyota Industries released a new fuel cell lift truck in September 2022. The price of the new lift truck has been reduced by 30% thanks to a significant reduction in the cost of the fuel cell system, and durability*6 has been doubled*7 compared to the previous model. Also in September 2022, Toyota Industries participated in Logis-Tech Tokyo 2022 under the concept of “Varying Optimum Solutions for Varying Logistics Sites: AJust Solution for Your Logistics.” Based on the three themes of “safety, decarbonization and automation,” which represent issues recently facing customers in their respective logistics sites, we exhibited our latest lift trucks in addition to logistics solutions that incorporate leading-edge automation technologies. Our booth, which was one of the largest among the participating companies, was visited by some 21,000 customers. At our booth, we demonstrated the operations of our new autonomous lift truck capable of automated loading even when the truck’s stopping location and load position are not fixed. This capability has been achieved through such technologies as guideless automated driving using 3D-LiDAR*8 and pallet location and position detection using image recognition. *5: Calculated by Toyota Industries Corporation based on the data issued by the Japan Industrial Vehicles Association *6: Output performance maintenance period of FC systems (period that the output can be maintained at 80% or more of the performance at the time of shipment) *7: Survey by Toyota Industries Corporation, based on JISD6202 (60S fuel consumption pattern of internal-combustion lift trucks) *8: A sensor that can accurately measure the distance to an object by emitting a laser beam onto it and measuring the reflected light Toyota Advanced Logistics Group (TALG) In spite of the growing concern for a global economic slowdown, the need for logistics automation remains strong and has, in turn, necessitated solutions for more advanced logistics issues. Amid this environment, we go a step beyond just providing a broad range of materials handling equipment and associated software programs and are reinforcing our Logistics Solutions Business to more meticulously satisfy each customer’s varying needs by leveraging our logistics improvement know-how accumulated to date. Under the TALG management structure, the Logistics Solution Division of Toyota Material Handling Japan, U.S.-based Bastian Solutions LLC, Netherlands-based Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V. and Germany-based viastore*2, which joined the Toyota Industries Group in July 2022, are collaborating in development, sales and other activities to expand business while leveraging their individual strengths. viastore, which became a new member of the Toyota Industries Group in July 2022, mainly engages in the in-house development of software for controlling and managing various materials handling equipment and small- to medium-sized automated storage and retrieval systems. It provides its products to a wide range of sectors from retail to manufacturing, logistics and food, primarily in Europe. In particular, it has strengths in automation that links multiple processes, such as storage and transportation, with optimal materials handling equipment and software, garnering high acclaim in the market. Collaboration among TALG companies has begun and has already led to some concrete accomplishments, including a large-scale order for a solution combining viastore’s software. We will strengthen such collaboration further in order to respond to customers’ automation needs as a Group-wide effort and seek to achieve further business expansion. New fuel cell lift truck TMHJ booth at Logis-Tech Tokyo 2022 *2: Logistics system integrator in Germany, viastore is a collective name for four companies: viastore SYSTEMSGmbH, viastore SOFTWAREGmbH, viastore International GmbH and Buck Engineering GmbH. *3: Toyota Advanced Logistics North America (Holding Company of Bastian) Toyota Advanced Logistics Group Meanwhile, Aichi Corporation, which possesses the top brand*4 in the field of aerial work platforms in Japan, saw a recovery in capital investment mainly in the electric power industry. As a result, sales amounted to ¥60.6 billion, up ¥4.0 billion, or 7%, from the previous fiscal year. *4: Survey by Aichi Corporation Business Activities TALGTALNA*3/ Bastian Vanderlande viastore Logistics Solution Division of Toyota Material Handling Japan Simple AGVAutomated storage and retrieval system Airport baggage handling system Sorter High-speed storage and picking system Main Products and Systems Business Activities in Fiscal 2023 As we have confirmed a potential regulatory violation related to Japan’s emissions certification for lift truck engines, we have suspended the shipment of lift trucks for the Japanese market since March 2023. We have been working on revealing the full details and analyzing the root cause. Based on the findings, we intend to thoroughly implement measures to prevent recurrence. At the same time, we have already been doing whatever we can at present, such as separating the certification function from our development department to reinforce the inspection system for legal certifications. (As of June 30, 2023) In 2022, a recovery in global demand continued due to the reopening of economic activities in respective countries, and unit sales of lift trucks remained at a 2-million-unit level. Amid this environment, we worked to enhance the product appeal of our mainstay lift trucks and expand sales. We also strove to offer reliable after-sales services, enhance responsiveness to large- order customers and provide solutions for logistics issues through the introduction of optimally packaged systems. In the field of lift trucks, we made efforts to increase our product lineup in each region and promoted the development of autonomous driving technology internally and with external organizations. Our latest products and solutions were showcased at Logis-Tech Tokyo 2022 under the themes of “safety, decarbonization and automation.” We also worked to reinforce our IT-based services, enhance safety and augment our competitiveness in the environmental field mainly through electrification in order to ensure a more accurate response to the needs of individual customers. In the logistics solutions field, we have been fostering cooperation in sales activities by mutually supplying equipment and systems while encouraging each TALG company to leverage its strengths to bolster business. We have also been accelerating coordinated activities such as promoting collaborative efforts by TMHG and TALG in the planning and development fields. As specific examples, we have been promoting cooperation mainly with T-Hive B.V., a company newly established in the Netherlands, in the development of a seamless control system encompassing all autonomous vehicles, as well as collaboration with viastore in small- to medium-scale projects in Europe. Activities of TMHGNorth American Market The rapid expansion slowed down in the North American lift truck market in 2022, and on a full-year basis, the market remained on par with 2021. Orders increased as we captured the strong demand in the e-commerce and retail sectors and resumed the shipment of certain internal-combustion lift trucks. Against this backdrop, the combined unit sales of the TOYOTA and RAYMOND brands in fiscal 2023 increased by 29% over the previous year to 98,000 units. In fiscal 2023, Toyota aggressively launched an operator assist system that detects pedestrians and objects behind the lift truck to ensure greater safety and security at customers’ logistics sites as well as new electric lift trucks in response to growing market needs for electrification. We also added more than 30 operator assist and other functions to our three-wheel electric lift trucks. In addition, to meet the rising need for logistics automation on the back of labor shortages, we sell an automated guided vehicle (AGV) that can be customized according to customer needs and requires no large-scale building modifications. Raymond is also actively expanding its product offerings and services to meet various customer needs. For example, Raymond enhanced sales of compact and highly functional lithium- ion batteries that reduce the charging time compared with conventional lead-acid batteries and contribute to the improvement of customer productivity. Raymond is also contributing to the further improvement of customer safety by releasing an electric low lift truck equipped with a Three-wheel electric lift truck to which operator assist and other functions have been added Business Activities Toyota Industries Report 2023 20 21

[TABLE] TALNA*3/
Bastian | Vanderlande

[PAGE 13]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Security screening system introduced for the first time telematics function and launching a service to support driving in dangerous areas by linking the telematics function with the real-time location measurement system. Looking ahead, we will continue to leverage the strengths of each brand and reinforce technological development to meet electrification needs. In addition, through closer collaboration with the Logistics Solutions Business, we will accurately respond to customers’ needs for logistics automation. At the same time, we will strive to expand the lineup of products with excellent environmental performance, while responding to the accelerating trend toward carbon neutrality by utilizing the latest technologies. Business Activities Logistics Solution Division of Toyota Material Handling Japan In recent years, labor shortages and an increase in logistics volume following an expansion of the e-commerce market have resulted in a growing need for automated and more efficient operations in the logistics industry. To respond to such issues facing customers, we have enhanced our product lineup to cover every logistics system, from autonomous lift trucks and AGVs to the leading-edge systems for use in large-scale e-commerce distribution centers, and have been receiving increasing orders for these products. Moreover, the work style reform-related law that will go into effect in 2024 in Japan is expected to aggravate the shortage of truck drivers. At relay centers mandated to be set up in accordance with the law, there is an urgent need for better efficiency and labor saving in truck loading and unloading operations. Automation of truck loading and unloading operations using lift trucks has lagged even at cutting-edge distribution centers. To counter these issues, we have developed an autonomous lift truck that features the world’s first AI-based technology to automatically recognize the location and position of the truck and its cargo and runs autonomously to conduct loading and unloading operations. We exhibited the lift truck at Logis-Tech Tokyo 2022. We have been receiving inquiries for this lift truck from many customers. In the future, we will repeat feasibility tests in terms of safety, work efficiency and cost and offer the product as an optimal solution for individual logistics sites of many customers, thereby helping them counter the impending labor shortage in 2024. Bastian Bastian, mainly operating in the North American market, has been responding to the logistics automation needs of customers in a broad range of fields, including the retail, e-commerce and manufacturing sectors. The business environment was difficult in fiscal 2023, as a concern for an economic slowdown has grown globally. Despite this environment, in addition to repeat orders for large-scale projects based on long-standing relationships of trust with existing customers, the company successfully received many orders by promoting collaboration with other companies in the Toyota Industries Group. These include an order for a large project through collaboration with viastore; a project that integrates Vanderlande’s system for the first time; small- to medium-scale projects through collaboration with dealers of the TOYOTA and RAYMOND brands; and its first project to collaborate with the Logistics Solution Division of TMHJ in Asia. Going ahead, Bastian will satisfy the more sophisticated and diversifying needs of customers by facilitating the development of its own core systems and products and taking advantage of collaboration within the Toyota Industries Group. Vanderlande Vanderlande, offering logistics solutions globally, has been accelerating system development optimized for leading companies in the warehouse logistics and parcel/ postal service industries as well as operations of focused business sectors. In this way, Vanderlande is making efforts to strengthen its response to increasingly sophisticated customer needs. It has also been working with the Logistics Solution Division of TMHJ and Bastian to introduce its systems into the Japanese and North American markets, thereby successfully expanding its business domains through collaboration within the Toyota Industries Group. In the airport business, demand has been showing a gradual recovery following an upturn in the number of passengers. In fiscal 2023, Vanderlande captured the demand recovery, as it concluded large-scale servicing contracts with multiple customers and commenced operation of its highly efficient security screening system based on a dual-lane concept at Frankfurt International Airport. In these businesses, Vanderlande will work to provide even greater value to customers for services that assume an important role. Efforts will be made to monitor operational status and facilities by using digital technologies and make proposals to optimize operations of customers using its products. Activities of TALGEuropean Market In 2022, the European lift truck market slowed down due to supply chain disruptions and the conflict in Ukraine. Toyota Industries posted unit sales of 99,000 units in fiscal 2023, up 8% from the previous fiscal year. In addition to equipment sales, orders for after-sales services and sales of parts remained steady. In response to the accelerating trend toward carbon neutrality in Europe, Toyota Industries has been working to expand the lineup of products equipped with lithium-ion batteries and released a high-output counterbalanced lift truck as well as internal-combustion lift trucks that comply with the latest EU emissions regulations to meet the needs of environmentally conscious customers. In terms of environmental initiatives, electricity used at all European bases has been completely switched to renewable energy by selecting the optimum method matched to each base’s energy situation. This marks the first instance in the entire materials handling equipment industry that 100% of power is sourced from renewable energy at all European bases. As a response mainly to labor shortages, we launched a new automated horizontal carrier. This AGV can be combined with our existing autonomous lift trucks and a warehouse management system to achieve an even higher logistics efficiency for the entire warehouse, and we have been proactively offering the resulting solution to customers. We will continue to expand our product lineup boasting excellent environmental performance and incorporating autonomous driving technology. ALOMA*9 and Chinese Markets Toyota Industries covers the ALOMA markets of some 60 countries in Asia, Latin America, Oceania, the Middle East and Africa as well as the Chinese market. We are serving these markets with a lineup consisting of TOYOTA, BT, RAYMOND and Tailift brands. The ALOMA market in 2022 outperformed the sharp sales growth in 2021 and recorded yet another highest unit sales while growing 109% year on year. In China, on the other hand, unit sales fell to 67% of the previous fiscal year due in part to COVID-19, which started spreading again. Under such circumstances, we are working to expand the introduction of lithium-ion batteries to meet the needs for electrified equipment whose demand is expected to increase in step with heightened environmental awareness. Additionally, we newly released in the ALOMA region our SEnS+ (Sense Plus) operator assist system that detects pedestrians and objects behind the lift truck to contribute to customers’ safe operations. Customer needs will continue to diversify, including the accelerating trend toward electrification, greater logistics efficiency, better safety features and automation. In response, we will continue to collect information from dealers in each country and regional offices in Asia, the Middle East and South America in our efforts to provide products and services that satisfy our customers. In addition, jointly with dealers, Toyota Industries operates a program to promote sales activities with a focus on logistics improvement solutions and has been making proposals to visualize customers’ logistics sites, improve their safety and reduce costs. Through the program, we have been strengthening our relationships of trust with customers and have successfully expanded our business domains. As a total solutions partner capable of satisfying diverse logistics needs, we will make concerted efforts with dealers in each country to undertake various initiatives. *9: ALOMA is a Toyota Industries term for Asia, Latin America, Oceania, the Middle East and Africa. Automated horizontal carrier Autonomous lift truck for truck loading and unloading Bastian’s mini load autonomous vehicle (autonomous mobile robot) developed in-house Business Activities SEnS+ Toyota Industries Report 2023 22 23

[PAGE 14]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Business Overview in Fiscal 2023 In fiscal 2023, sales of the RAV4 decreased outside Japan, offsetting an increase in the domestic market. As a result, unit sales declined by 18,000 units, or 6%, to 290,000 units. Net sales decreased by ¥0.3 billion, or 0.4% year on year, to ¥83.1 billion. n Vehicle Winning the Most Excellent Karakuri Kaizen Award for the First Time TOPICAt the Karakuri KAIZEN*4 Exhibition 2022 hosted by the Japan Institute of Plant Maintenance, Toyota Industries’ slope climbing system was selected among 224 projects of 62 companies and received its first*5 Most Excellent Karakuri Kaizen Award. The Assembly Section of the Manufacturing Department, Vehicle Division, created a non-powered mechanical system to let parts trays climb a slope. The aim was to eliminate the difficulty of the tray setting operation, which used to involve lifting a tray from the ground level and setting it on a worktable. The system uses pulleys and the principle of leverage to convert the motion of horizontal sliding (pushing a tray aside) to that of vertical sliding (letting a tray climb a slope). The project was recognized for its simple karakuri system only requiring minimum operator action, which in turn reduces the operating time. *4: Achieving kaizen (improvement) at low cost by karakuri (Japan’s traditional, non-powered mechanical systems that utilize gravity, the principle of leverage, etc.) *5: Toyota Industries has been participating in the exhibition since it was first held in 1994 and has received an Excellent Karakuri Kaizen Award three times in the past. Project members receiving the award Adventure “OFFROAD package II” Toyota Industries booth Link to product details Business Activities Business Activities Automobile In the fields ranging from vehicles to engines, car air-conditioning compressors, electronic devices and batteries, Toyota Industries continues to meet the expectations and trust of its customers. ¥34.6 billion FY2023 ¥33.0 billion FY2022 Operating Profit ¥957.8 billion FY2023 ¥792.8 billion FY2022 Net Sales Strengths • An agile structure to undertake all aspects from planning and development to production within a plant (Vehicle) • Highest-level production efficiency and quality among all Toyota-affiliated automobile body manufacturers (Vehicle) • Know-how on the development and production of diesel engines and turbochargers (Engine) • Highly efficient production of high-quality gasoline engines, including those for use in hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) (Engine) • Excellent product development capability centered around fuel efficiency and car electrification (Car air-conditioning compressor) • Global top-share*1 products for use in a full range of vehicles, from internal-combustion vehicles to HEVs, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs), battery electric vehicles (BEVs) and fuel cell electric vehicles (FCEVs) (Car air-conditioning compressor) • Monozukuri (manufacturing) using equipment created in-house to produce high-quality products and flexibly accommodate changes in production volume (Car air-conditioning compressor) • Technical expertise in electronics accumulated through handling projects for Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC), external sales, and in-house projects (Electronics) • Development and production of electronic components and devices for electrified vehicles, with top-level quality (Electronics) • Material synthesis technology, simulation technology for examining materials and structures and analysis technology (Battery) Opportunities • Increasing needs for fuel-efficient products due to stricter environmental regulations and growing environmental consciousness • Sales expansion in each sector in line with growth of the automobile market Risks • Shrinking of the automobile market caused by economic slowdown • Customers becoming less willing to buy fuel-efficient products following less stringent environmental regulations • A drop in product competitiveness due to the yen’s appreciation or inflation • Suspension of production caused by supply chain disruptions *1: Survey by Toyota Industries Corporation Business Characteristics (Thousand units) 300 200 100 0 Vehicle Sales 22 23 21 20 19 (FY) (Thousand units) 800 600 400 200 0 Engine Sales (FY) 22 23 21 20 19 (Million units) 30,000 20,000 10,000 0 Compressor Sales (FY) 22 23 21 20 19 Commencing Production of a Special-Edition RAV4 with a Stronger Off-Road Feel Toyota Industries partially upgraded the RAV4 in October 2022 to expand the functionality of Toyota Safety Sense*2, and created a special edition, the RAV4 Adventure “OFFROAD package II.” This special-edition vehicle is fitted with 18-inch all-terrain tires*3 and has a 10 mm higher minimum ground clearance to more strongly emphasize the off-road image of the RAV4. Its particularly distinguishing matt and uneven surface black paint (“GORIGORIBLACK” paint) applied to the front bumper and other parts of the vehicle has been planned, proposed and adopted based on the results of a survey conducted on models we exhibited at Tokyo Auto Salon 2021. *2: TMC’s advanced preventive safety package covering situations prone to traffic accidents *3: All-terrain tires for use in wide-ranging applications, from paved to rough surfaces Proposing “RAV4 Customizing Service” at Tokyo Auto Salon 2023 Under the mantra “Make even better SUVs” to see a smile of joy from our customers, we are working with TMC to make the RAV4 a more attractive SUV. Since Tokyo Auto Salon 2020, we have showcased outdoor and professional concept models of the RAV4. In 2023, instead of exhibiting ready- made concept models, we proposed a service to customize the RAV4 according to customers’ preferences and displayed three customized models with a stronger off-road or on- road appeal. Using the RAV4 PHEV manufactured by Toyota Industries as a base model, these vehicles were equipped with carefully selected parts made by other companies. To ensure customers’ smiles of joy with our RAV4, we will continue to plan various campaigns with their point of view in mind. Medium-Term Direction of Business We will contribute to TMC as a development and production base of compact sports utility vehicles (SUV) by leveraging our comprehensive strengths derived from the highest level of safety, environment, quality, cost and delivery (SEQCD) among all Toyota-affiliated automobile body manufacturers and through greater collaboration within the Toyota Industries Group. Toyota Industries Report 2023 24 25

[TABLE] TOPIC | Winning the Most Excellent Karakuri Kaizen Award for the First Time
[TABLE] At the Karakuri KAIZEN*4 Exhibition 2022 hosted by the Japan Institute of Plant Maintenance, Toyota Industries’ slope
climbing system was selected among 224 projects of 62 companies and received its first*5 Most Excellent Karakuri
Kaizen Award. The Assembly Section of the Manufacturing Department, Vehicle Division, created a non-powered
mechanical system to let parts trays climb a slope. The aim was to eliminate the difficulty of the tray setting operation,
which used to involve lifting a tray from the ground level and setting it on a worktable. The system uses pulleys and the
principle of leverage to convert the motion of horizontal sliding (pushing a tray
aside) to that of vertical sliding (letting a tray climb a slope). The project was
recognized for its simple karakuri system only requiring minimum operator action,
which in turn reduces the operating time.
*4: Achieving kaizen (improvement) at low cost by karakuri (Japan’s traditional, non-powered mechanical systems
that utilize gravity, the principle of leverage, etc.)
*5: Toyota Industries has been participating in the exhibition since it was first held in 1994 and has received an
Excellent Karakuri Kaizen Award three times in the past. Project members receiving the award

[PAGE 15]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information *10: Survey by Toyota Industries Corporation Business Activities Business Activities n Engine n Car Air-Conditioning Compressor We have suspended the shipping of certain engines we manufacture for lift trucks for the Japanese market, as we have confirmed the excess over the domestic (Japanese) emissions regulation values due to aging degradation, and potential violation of regulations related to Japanese certification for emission. Based on the decisions and instructions of the relevant Japanese authorities, we will put all our efforts into measures toward resuming shipping and corrective measures on already sold products, as well as recurrence prevention. For the prevention of recurrence, there is an ongoing investigation by a special investigation committee consisting of independent external experts, in addition to the investigation led by external lawyers. We will clarify the details of the case and analyze the root causes of these issues, and compile recurrence prevention measures based on the findings. At the same time, we have already been doing whatever we can at present, such as separating the certification function from our development department to reinforce the inspection system for legal certifications. (As of June 30, 2023) Business Overview in Fiscal 2023 Unit sales in fiscal 2023 totaled 847,000 units, an increase of 43,000 units, or 5%, from the previous fiscal year due mainly to a growth in sales of gasoline engines. As a result, net sales increased by ¥54.8 billion, or 20% year on year, to ¥322.4 billion. Engines for Automobiles Diesel Engines  Even amid the accelerated progress in vehicle electrification, there is diverse and strong demand, mainly in emerging countries, for diesel engines, which boast high durability and superb running performance, as a power unit suited for SUVs and such commercial vehicles as pickup trucks. Compliant with fuel efficiency and emissions regulations in various regions and countries, the in-line 4-cylinder GD diesel engine, which constitutes one of our mainstay engines, has been introduced in more than 150 countries around the world, mainly in Asia and Latin America, and fitted in nine vehicle models, including TMC’s Innovative International Multipurpose Vehicle (IMV) series targeting emerging countries and the HiAce. The V-type 6-cylinder F33A diesel engine, another mainstay product of ours, is fitted in the Land Cruiser “300.” With a view to the era of carbon neutrality, the engine has been downsized from the previous eight cylinders to six cylinders to reduce mass. Adoption of the twin turbo developed in-house also realizes high levels of environmental performance and quiet operation while allowing the vehicle to maintain the output and rough-surface running performance required of the Land Cruiser. Gasoline Engines  The gasoline engines that we produce under consignment from TMC, namely the 2.5-liter A25A and 2.0-liter M20A, are mainly fitted in the RAV4 and HARRIER, which are achieving robust sales. Developed based on the Toyota New Global Architecture (TNGA)*6 concept, these engines offer both excellent driving performance and environmental performance. Responding to the advancement of car electrification, we have also added an HEV version of the A25A engine to our lineup. In response to the growing demand in the Indian market for engines for use in HEVs, Toyota Industries Engine India Pvt. Ltd. (TIEI), a consolidated subsidiary in India, commenced production of the 1.5-liter M15A and 2.0-liter M20A engines in August 2022. *6: Development policy and method for vehicle creation based on a modular platform Engines for Industrial Fields  Toyota Industries’ engines for industrial fields are used for a wide variety of applications, including our lift trucks, and adopted by many manufacturers of GHPs*7, CHPs*8, generators and construction machinery. *7: Short for gas heat pump; air conditioner driven by a gas engine *8: Short for combined heat and power; co-generation system Business Overview in Fiscal 2023 In fiscal 2023, unit sales of car air-conditioning compressors increased 2.184 million units, or 8%, from the previous fiscal year to 30.937 million units due mainly to higher sales in North America and Europe. Net sales were up ¥73.6 billion, or 21% year on year, to ¥429.7 billion. Medium-Term Direction of Business In a future society in which significant advancement in car electrification and autonomous technology is expected, we aim to leverage our core compression technology and become an innovative component supplier. We will further enhance our capability to develop products that offer excellent fuel efficiency, quieter operation, compactness, light weight and easier vehicle mounting. In addition, with the aim of satisfying needs of a broader variety of customers, we will utilize our accumulated technologies to expand our development domain into core components for drive systems. Environment Surrounding the Automobile Market The growth of the car air-conditioning compressor market is expected to be slower than anticipated due to the lingering uncertainty of parts supply shortages as well as prolonged geopolitical risks. That said, we expect that the growth will continue over the medium term on the back of expanding automobile sales and an increase in the number of vehicles fitted with an air conditioner. As new developments in the automobile market, especially for electrified vehicles, by 2035 all automobiles sold in China must be electrified*9 and sales of internal-combustion vehicles, including HEVs and PHEVs, will be banned in Europe. In light of such tightening regulations and expanding needs in various countries and regions, automakers are aggressively releasing new models, and unit sales of electrified vehicles are expected to increase significantly in the future. *9: Announced by the Chinese Society of Automotive Engineers Expansion of Electrified Vehicle Market Amid the growing demand for electrified vehicles due to heightened environmental awareness and more stringent regulations on internal-combustion vehicles around the world, demand for electric compressors is expected to exceed the demand for compressors for internal-combustion vehicles in 2028, driven particularly by a sharp increase in BEV sales in the Chinese market. In step with this development, we are enhancing our electric compressor lineup and strengthening our production structure to increase sales to automakers around the world. 2031 2026 2023 2029 Electric type Internal-combustion type Demand Forecast by Compressor Type*10 (FY) (Million units) 90 60 30 0 Toyota Industries Report 2023 26 27

[TABLE] Value Creation | Initiatives for Growth

[PAGE 16]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Notional image Worldwide Bases of Car Air-Conditioning Compressors (As of March 31, 2023) Scroll profile Business Activities Business Activities Expansion from Air Conditioner Parts to Core Components of Electrified Vehicles Driven by Diversifying Needs With the growth in electrified vehicles, there have been new challenges for BEVs as vehicles, creating a need for electric compressors to diversify. In response, we are rolling out new products tailored to such new needs by utilizing our product development capabilities cultivated to date. As electrified vehicles need to secure a heat source that substitutes for the exhaust heat of the engine when running a heater, it has become necessary to operate the compressor during the cooling and heating of the vehicle interior. With the addition of heat pump heating, which takes heat from the air, it is now required to extend compressors’ uptime and range of use. As such, we are working to improve the reliability of electric compressors and achieve higher efficiency to reduce the impact on vehicle driving range. To prevent battery performance deterioration and shortened life during high-power operation and quick charging of vehicles, compressors also need to provide a function for cooling the battery in addition to heat-pump air-conditioning. We have developed and released large- capacity electric compressors as a core component of electrified vehicles, thereby satisfying the varying needs of electrified vehicles with our extensive product lineup. Cooling Electric compressor Electric compressor HEVBEVVehicle interior cooling Vehicle interior heating Large capacity Long life Needs of BEVs Electric compressor for BEVs Battery temperature control Cooling Heating Battery temperature control Production-Related Strengths Underpinning Quality and Performance High-precision machining and assembly technologies are essential in realizing high quality and superior performance of products. Toyota Industries realizes high-speed and high- precision machining by leveraging its know-how accumulated through responding to the stringent demands of automakers worldwide and by developing devices from processing machines to associated cutting tools in-house. Establishing Stronger Global Production and Supply Structures In step with the move toward more stringent fuel efficiency regulations and car electrification, the car air-conditioning compressor market is expected to witness fluctuations in demand for compressors both for internal-combustion vehicles and electrified vehicles. In response, we are building a production structure less vulnerable to changes in production volume through such measures as automating our plants to save labor, designing mixed lines that enable the production of a wide variety of products and creating a framework to increase production capacities in a phased manner. Meanwhile, electrified vehicles are rapidly becoming popular in China driven by the country’s new energy vehicles (NEV) regulation*11. To capture booming demand, we have already initiated local production at TDAutomotive Compressor Kunshan Co., Ltd. (TACK) in March 2020 and at Yantai Shougang TDAutomotive Compressor Co., Ltd. (YST) in June 2021. Led by China, electrified vehicles are expected to spread globally faster than previously anticipated. To respond to the rising demand for electric compressors, we will set up a structure to manufacture 10 million units globally by increasing the production capacity of processing lines at the Higashiura Plant in Japan and TACK and assembly lines at the Kariya Plant. Believing that producing and supplying products close to our customers will lead to improving our competitiveness, we are also considering local production in Europe and the United States depending on future orders. *11: Regulation in China mandating automakers to produce a certain percentage of BEVs and other new energy vehicles Toyota Industries’ car air-conditioning compressors are widely adopted by automakers around the world, garnering the No. 1*12 position in global sales. *12: Survey by Toyota Industries Corporation China DICHU.S.A. DIAMGermany DNDEChina YSTIndia SUBROSItaly Brazil Japan TICOU.S.A. MACIU.S.A. TACGU.S.A. Germany TDDKChina TACKIndonesia TACIConsolidated production bases Licensed manufacturers Technical service stations TICADNBRDNTSWinning a 2022 JSMEMedal for New Technology and Technological Development Award TOPICToyota Industries’ new scroll profile, newly adopted in its electric compressors, has won two awards, a 2022 JSMEMedal for New Technology by The Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers (JSME) and a Technological Development Award at the 73rd Society of Automotive Engineers of Japan Award. In electric compressors, a larger capacity and higher-speed rotation cause greater excitation force when compressing the refrigerant, which in turn results in more noise and vibration. To address this issue, we engaged in joint research with Toyota Central R&DLabs., Inc. to advance their new tooth design theory*13 originally established for gears and created a new scroll profile in which compression force and gear thickness can be set at required values. Our success in leveraging this technology to develop and commence production of a low-noise electric compressor with less compression force fluctuations was recognized as groundbreaking and socially significant. Toyota Industries will continue to contribute to the realization of a recycling-based society through the development of electric compressors. *13: A theory to design an optimum spiral profile, which had been univocally determined against the targeted performance, by using a solution that integrates geometry and dynamics Scroll part (Conventional profile) (New profile) Cross-section diagram of electric compressor Toyota Industries Report 2023 28 29

[TABLE] TOPIC | Winning a 2022 JSME Medal for New Technology and Technological Development Award
[TABLE] Toyota Industries’ new scroll profile, newly adopted in its electric compressors, has won Scroll part
two awards, a 2022 JSME Medal for New Technology by The Japan Society of Mechanical
Engineers (JSME) and a Technological Development Award at the 73rd Society of Automotive
Engineers of Japan Award. In electric compressors, a larger capacity and higher-speed
rotation cause greater excitation force when compressing the refrigerant, which in turn results
in more noise and vibration. To address this issue, we engaged in joint research with Toyota
Central R&D Labs., Inc. to advance their new tooth design theory*13 originally established for Cross-section diagram of
electric compressor
gears and created a new scroll profile in which compression force and gear thickness can be
(Conventional (New profile)
set at required values. Our success in leveraging this technology to develop and commence
profile)
production of a low-noise electric compressor with less compression force fluctuations was
recognized as groundbreaking and socially significant. Toyota Industries will continue to
contribute to the realization of a recycling-based society through the development of electric
compressors.
Scroll profile
*13: A theory to design an optimum spiral profile, which had been univocally determined against the targeted performance, by using
a solution that integrates geometry and dynamics

[PAGE 17]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Increasing Models Equipped with Our Bipolar Nickel-Metal Hydride Batteries In fiscal 2022, Toyota Industries newly established the Battery Division and commenced production and sales of bipolar nickel-metal hydride batteries for TMC’s new Aqua. The production is undertaken at our Kyowa Plant in Aichi Prefecture. We successfully commercialized the battery by establishing a proprietary development method by thoroughly working to refine our technologies cultivated to date, including battery material synthesis technology, simulation technology for examining materials and structures and analysis technology. In the newly developed battery, a cathode is applied to one side of a metal component called a current collector and an anode to the other. Several of these modules, which are known as “bipolar electrodes,” are stacked together to form a battery. The battery has been made smaller as they require fewer parts. In addition, the wider electrical path and simple structure reduce resistance within the battery, allowing large currents to flow quickly. This means that they can produce higher outputs compared to conventional nickel-metal hydride batteries. In recognition of these excellent characteristics, the battery won a Technological Development Award at the 73rd Society of Automotive Engineers of Japan Award. Following the Aqua, the bipolar nickel-metal hydride battery, which achieves both superior driving and environmental performance, has been fitted in the Toyota Crown and Lexus RX in fiscal 2023. Going ahead, we will continue to respond to future increases in demand. As we proceed with various initiatives toward carbon neutrality, we will contribute to the more widespread popularity of TMC’s electrified vehicles with our bipolar nickel-metal hydride batteries, which can be fitted in a variety of HEVs. Constructing the Ishihama Plant to Increase Production Capacity We constructed the Ishihama Plant in Higashiura-cho in Chita-gun, Aichi Prefecture, as a manufacturing plant for on- board batteries and commenced mass production of bipolar nickel-metal hydride batteries for HEVs in October 2022. The new plant operates at a production capacity of 20,000 units per month, and, together with the Kyowa Plant that started battery production in May 2021, we have boosted our total capacity to 40,000 units per month. The design of our bipolar nickel-metal hydride batteries allows them to be adaptable to a wide range of vehicles, from compact to large ones, because their output can be modified by just changing the number of modules to be stacked depending on the vehicle. To contribute to the expansion and spread of electrified vehicles and work toward carbon neutrality, Toyota Industries will work to ensure stable supply as well as to enhance its lineup of batteries so that they can be used in a range of electrified vehicles. Left: Newly developed unit integrating an on-board charger and DC-DC converter Right: TMC’s bZ4XBEVLeft: Newly developed compact and high-current DC-DC converter for HEVs Right: TMC’s new Prius Toyota Industries booth Snapshot of the experience-based event Ishihama Plant TMC’s dual boost hybrid system Business Activities Business Activities n Electronic Devices and Other Products Business Overview in Fiscal 2023 Higher sales of batteries and DC-DC converters resulted in an increase in net sales by ¥37.0 billion, or 43%, over the previous fiscal year to ¥122.5 billion. Medium-Term Direction of Business Car electrification is steadily progressing, as evidenced by an increase in sales of various electrified vehicles, such as HEVs, PHEVs, BEVs and FCEVs, amid the accelerated global trend toward a decarbonized society. The Electronics and Battery divisions will contribute to car electrification in a broad range of fields through the development of new products by leveraging technologies cultivated to date. outdoor activities. The inverter, which used to be provided mostly as an option by automakers, is now increasingly offered as a standard feature for all or certain grades of vehicle models mainly sold in Japan. In February 2023, Toyota Industries held an event to outline to customers the benefits of the 1,500-WAC inverter’s power source functionality. It was held during a vehicle exhibition hosted by a car dealer and included a quiz on how many electrical appliances, such as a microwave oven, personal computer and electric blanket, can be used simultaneously using the power fed by an electrified vehicle. Through the quiz and other activities, many customers observed the convenience of using an electrified vehicle as a power source during outdoor activities, workation*15 and power outages. While describing the capabilities, we also asked customers to provide their opinions about the appeal and usability of the power source. Through such activities, we will promote product development that will lead to more widespread use of electrified vehicles. *15: A coined word that combines “work” and “vacation,” workcation is a way of spending vacation while working at a resort or travel destination Contributing to More Widespread Use of Electrified Vehicles Globally through Electronics Products Since the 1990s, Toyota Industries has developed and manufactured such electronic products as on-board chargers and DC-DC converters for TMC’s HEVs and other electrified vehicles and honed its power electronics technologies. In April 2022, while leveraging our accumulated technologies and experiences, we developed a compact and lightweight unit for BEVs, which integrates an on-board charger and DC-DC converter. Incorporated in the electricity supply unit (ESU)*14, which TMC adopted for BEVs for the first time, the product serves as a core unit for charging and power conversion function and is mounted in the bZ4XBEV. By integrating an on-board charger and DC-DC converter essential for running a BEV, the new unit is 23% smaller in size and 17% lighter in weight versus separately mounting the two devices. In January 2023, our newly developed compact and high-current DC-DC converter for HEVs was adopted in TMC’s fifth-generation Prius. ADC-DC converter is a power source unit that converts DC voltage into a voltage level appropriate for individual devices. Specifically, it converts the high voltage (200–400 V) of batteries mounted on HEVs and other electrified vehicles into a lower voltage level (12 V) to supply power to auxiliary batteries, control ECU, navigation system, lights and other devices. The newly developed DC-DC converter has a 1.5 times higher output current of 150 A compared to 100 A of conventional models and is 34% smaller. Toward the achievement of carbon neutrality in 2050 and amid the global, rapid growth in the electrified vehicle market, we will continue to support the more widespread use of electrified vehicles, such as HEVs, PHEVs, BEVs and FCEVs, through the provision of car electronics products. *14: A device that integrates the charging function and power distribution function of BEVs Electronics Batteries Feeding Power—ANew Function and Value of Electrified Vehicles Realized through ACInverters An AC inverter converts the DC voltage of on-board batteries into AC voltage to feed power externally or to use electrical appliances within a vehicle. It can supply 1,500 W of electricity, the same as household power outlets, to almost any home electrical appliance and has been recognized highly by customers as a power source during a disaster or Bipolar nickel-metal hydride battery Toyota Industries Report 2023 30 31

[PAGE 18]
Link to product details Promotion of ESGInitiatives Further promoting initiatives to sustain growth in the areas of the environment, society and governance Environmental Initiatives........................................... P. 34–45 Relationship with Stakeholders............................... P. 46–57 Corporate Governance.............................................. P. 58–75 Business Activities Textile Machinery Carrying on the philosophy of founder Sakichi Toyoda, which reflects his strong commitment to manufacturing, Toyota Industries responds to a broad range of needs with its extensive product lineup, from air-jet looms to ring spinning frames, roving frames and quality measurement instruments for fiber, yarn and fabric. ¥7.8 billion FY2023 ¥5.5 billion FY2022 Operating Profit ¥84.3 billion FY2023 ¥69.2 billion FY2022 Net Sales Strengths • Broad product lineup both in the spinning and weaving machinery fields • Global, well-developed service network • Ability to develop products that excel in reliability, energy-saving performance and versatility Opportunities • A rise in textile demand in line with an increase in the world population • Further increasing applications in the industrial materials field • Increasing needs for high-quality and highly functional yarn and textile products, following the economic growth of emerging countries Risks • Changes in each government’s policies concerning promotion of the country’s textile industry • Weaker sales due to intensifying competition • A decline in capital investment due to economic slowdown and raw cotton and/or yarn price fluctuations Business Characteristics Medium-Term Direction of Business With growing environmental consciousness worldwide, needs are expected to increase further for textile machinery offering superior environmental performance. Toyota Industries’ products are highly acclaimed by customers for their excellent reliability and productivity as well as energy-saving performance. We will continue to develop energy-saving and other innovative technologies and seek to achieve further growth and evolution as a leading manufacturer of textile machinery. Business Overview in Fiscal 2023 The market was strong in Asia, including China, which is our primary market. Increases in sales of spinning machinery and quality measurement instruments for fiber, yarn and fabric pushed up net sales by ¥15.1 billion, or 22% year on year, to ¥84.3 billion. Commencing Production of the New JAT910 Air-Jet Loom In March 2023, we commenced production of the JAT910, a new air-jet loom developed for the first time in nine years. Air-jet looms weave textiles by inserting yarn using compressed air and are used by customers worldwide, including China, India, Europe and Japan. The new JAT910 has inherited and upgraded the high-speed and low-vibration technologies and superior weaving technology, which are the JAT series’ “genes” that have been passed on from model to model. It is geared to respond to labor shortages in the manufacturing industry, growing environmental consciousness and surging energy prices around the world. With the upgraded technologies, the product has achieved even higher environmental performance and is contributing to improving operational efficiency at customers’ plants. Participating in India ITME 2022 In December 2022, Toyota Industries participated in India International Textile Machinery Exhibition (India ITME) 2022 jointly with Kirloskar Toyota Textile Machinery Pvt. Ltd. (KTTM), a consolidated subsidiary producing textile machinery in India. We exhibited our new JAT910 air-jet loom for the first time to the public as well as the RX300 ring spinning frame manufactured by KTTM. They were received favorably by many customers as we appealed to them the basic functionality and high reliability of our products. Going forward, we will continue to demonstrate our technological capabilities that satisfy customer needs through participation in textile machinery trade shows and work to reinforce our brand strength to gain even greater trust from customers. JAT910 air-jet loom (Thousand units) 10 8 6 4 2 0 (FY) Air-Jet Loom Sales 22 23 21 20 19 Toyota Industries Report 2023 32 33

[PAGE 19]
Strengthening Environmental Management by Utilizing Third-Party Institutes n Environmental Audits Toyota Industries implements annual internal environmental audits as well as external audits carried out by an independent third-party institute. In fiscal 2023, the external review identified no non- conformance issues. The review, however, pointed out some matters that could potentially constitute non-conformance. We have been making improvements regarding these matters and sharing details throughout our plants. Meanwhile, we organized audit teams led by respective environmental administrative offices to increase audit efficiencies and conducted an audit mainly concerning departments that have faced changes involving auditing items. The focus of our audits was placed on environmental policy management and on-site environmental management, and we clarified how environmental activities have been promoted in each division. n Acquisition of ISOCertification In order to facilitate environmental initiatives in a more efficient and organized manner, Toyota Industries and its consolidated production subsidiaries have acquired ISO 14001 certification, the international standard for environmental management systems. Please visit our website for Toyota Industries bases that have obtained the certification. Seventh Environmental Action Plan Toward the realization of our Environmental Vision 2050, we have formulated a five-year plan, the Seventh Environmental Action Plan (fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2026), and have been promoting activities accordingly. The seventh plan has defined action policies, specific actions and targets for each of the four action themes specified in the Global Environmental Commitment, namely establishing a carbon neutral society; establishing a recycling-based society; reducing environmental risk and establishing a society in harmony with nature; and promoting environmental management. In fiscal 2023, we showed steady progress across the board toward achieving respective targets for fiscal 2026. Please visit Toyota Industries’ website for details of its Seventh Environmental Action Plan. Environmental Vision 2050 and Environmental Action Plans We have defined our Environmental Vision 2050 in relation to the four action themes specified in the Global Environmental Commitment, which represents our basic approach to environmental activities. As milestones toward achieving this vision, we formulate five-year environmental action plans, and the entire Toyota Industries Group works as one team to resolutely undertake activities in accordance with each plan. Environmental Management Structure We have set up a Company-wide environmental management system (EMS) with the president at the top to quickly reflect top management’s decisions on business operations. On the basis of this environmental management structure, which is aligned with our business management structure, we have been reinforcing our environmental governance and promoting a further reduction of environmental impact resulting from product development and production activities. Link to the action plan Link to details Establishing an Environmental Dojo TOPICKirloskar Toyota Textile Machinery Pvt. Ltd. (KTTM), a subsidiary manufacturing textile machinery in India, has established an in-plant environmental dojo under the theme, “Five Acts to Save Our Future” to encourage everyone to think about the environment and act on his or her own. It is used to raise environmental awareness of not just employees but also important stakeholders, such as suppliers and customers. Introductory courses for environmental management Dojo opening ceremony Global Environmental Commitment (Environmental Policies) As one tenet under our Basic Philosophy, Toyota Industries works to contribute to regional living conditions and social prosperity and also strives to offer products and services that are clean, safe and of high quality. Accordingly, in February 2011, we established the Global Environmental Commitment, a specific environmental action guideline, to be shared and implemented throughout the Toyota Industries Group. Our four main action themes are establishing a carbon neutral society; establishing a recycling-based society; reducing environmental risk and establishing a society in harmony with nature; and promoting environmental management, with the first three founded on the latter. Based on these pillars of action, the entire Toyota Industries Group will dedicate concerted efforts to realizing a prosperous life in harmony with the natural environment. Promoting Environmental Management We have been undertaking activities globally toward realizing our Environmental Vision 2050. Notional Diagram of Global Environmental Commitment Aiming at building a sustainable society which enables the harmonious coexistence of nature with our daily lives Environmental Management Recycling- based society Carbon neutral society Environmental risk reduction Society in harmony with nature Product Environment Committee Production Environment Committee Specialized committees Environmental Conservation Organization by manufacturing plants President Chief environmental administrator Environmental Committee Division-Based Promotion Committees Head Office functions Divisions Internal audit Responsible internal auditor Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Environmental Vision 2050 (1) Establishing a carbon neutral society Globally take on challenge of establishing a zero CO2 emissions society (2) Establishing a recycling-based society Take on challenge of minimizing the use of resources (3) Reducing environmental risk and establishing a society in harmony with nature Generate positive influence on biodiversity (4) Promoting environmental management Enhance consolidated environmental management and promote enlightenment activities Environmental Initiatives Environmental Initiatives Environmental Education Toyota Industries has built environmental education programs matched to the environment-related knowledge and skills required for each job category and position. We intend to upgrade the level of environmental initiatives throughout Toyota Industries by providing a variety of environmental education programs, such as grade-based education, introductory courses for environmental management and environmental audits as well as education on environmentally friendly products. Toyota Industries Report 2023 34 35

[TABLE] Environmental Vision 2050
[TABLE] (1) Establishing a carbon neutral society
Globally take on challenge of establishing a zero CO2
emissions society
(2) Establishing a recycling-based society
Take on challenge of minimizing the use of resources
(3) Reducing environmental risk and establishing a society
in harmony with nature
Generate positive influence on biodiversity
(4) Promoting environmental management
Enhance consolidated environmental management and
promote enlightenment activities
[TABLE] TOPIC | Establishing an Environmental Dojo
[TABLE] Kirloskar Toyota Textile Machinery Pvt. Ltd. (KTTM),
a subsidiary manufacturing textile machinery in
India, has established an in-plant environmental dojo
under the theme, “Five Acts to Save Our Future” to
encourage everyone to think about the environment
and act on his or her own. It is used to raise
environmental awareness of not just employees but
also important stakeholders, such as suppliers and
customers.
Dojo opening ceremony
[TABLE] Specialized | committees
[TABLE] Product Environ
Production Environ
[TABLE] Product Environ | ment Committee
[TABLE] Chief environmen | tal administrator
[TABLE] Production Environ | ment Committee

[PAGE 20]
Verification by a Third Party Toyota Industries obtains third party verification in order to increase the credibility of its data on energy-derived CO2 emissions, waste volume, water withdrawal and wastewater discharge. We will continue to utilize this third party verification in making continuous improvements in our environmental activities and disclose data to our stakeholders in a more transparent manner. Please visit Toyota Industries’ website for the third-party verification statement and our environmental performance data. Winning JECComposites Innovation Awards Toyota Industries won awards in the Circularity & Recycling Category of the JECComposites Innovation Awards program for the carbon fiber reinforced plastics (CFRP) recycling technology we developed and the comprehensive CFRP recycling system we aspire to build. The JECGroup of France, promoting the composite material industry and technology development thereof, has hosted the awards every year since 1998 to recognize the world’s most innovative composite material products and technologies. Toyota Industries received the awards for the first time. Receiving the Highest Rating in a Survey by CDP*1 on Climate Change Toyota Industries was selected for the highest AList in a survey conducted by CDP on climate change as a company making especially outstanding efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and mitigate climate change. Our efforts to counter climate change were highly recognized through a comprehensive evaluation and have resulted in the selection for the AList. These efforts include the establishment of the Company-wide EMS led by the president, the development of products with excellent environmental performance and the reduction of CO2 emissions from production activities. Going ahead, we will continue to tackle climate change as one important issue and contribute to the realization of a sustainable society through our global environmental conservation activities. *1: An international NGO running a project in which institutional investors work together and request companies around the world to disclose their strategies against climate change and greenhouse gas emissions data Activities to Raise Employees’ Environmental Awareness To provide opportunities to raise employees’ environmental awareness and encourage their voluntary environmental actions, we have been featuring environment-related articles in our internal newsletters and posting environmental in- house newspapers on our intranet. We have also been promoting awareness-raising activities to extend our reach from employees to their families. In fiscal 2023, as an opportunity for employees to think about what they can do to protect biodiversity, we solicited photographs and anecdotes about local wildlife that were amazing, amusing or made them want to tell others. Giving Awards to Internal Environmental Kaizen (Improvement) Activities We have an internal award program to recognize excellent environmental activities undertaken within Toyota Industries. The best practices are applied throughout the Company to upgrade our overall environmental activities. Among activities conducted for curbing global warming, efficiently improving resource productivity, reducing environmental risk and conserving biodiversity, we select excellent projects with uniqueness and originality of the idea, applicability and effectiveness in mind. In fiscal 2023, the program received 43 applications across Toyota Industries. After the initial screening of documents and a second screening involving on-site inspections, we selected one Most Outstanding Practice Award, two Best Practice Awards and two Excellent Practice Awards. Winning a Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Award in the Energy Conservation Grand Prize In fiscal 2022, a project by the Anjo Plant in Aichi Prefecture to neutralize static electricity and consequently relax in-plant air-conditioning criteria received a Best Practice Award under our internal award program. The project subsequently won a Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Award, which is the highest level award in the 2022 Energy Conservation Grand Prize program (Best Practice Category) sponsored by the Energy Conservation Center, Japan. This award program recognizes outstanding energy-saving products and energy- saving efforts of business operators or business sites. Conventionally, the Anjo Plant, which manufactures electronic devices and components for electrified vehicles, had air-conditioned the entire plant all year to strictly control humidity and protect products from damage caused by static electricity. Especially during winter, when the humidity drops, the plant required a large quantity of steam for humidification, which pushed up its energy (LNG) consumption for air- conditioning and presented an issue in the plant’s efforts to save energy. In response, the Production Engineering, Quality Control and Manufacturing departments worked together to change the method of controlling static electricity from humidifying the entire plant to using static electricity neutralizers only in applicable processes. The award program highly recognized the project for its accomplishments, namely simplified in-plant humidity control and a 40% reduction in energy used for air-conditioning, as well as for how the countermeasure was devised and implemented. Secondary screening by on-site inspectors Awards ceremony in Paris, France Members of the Production Engineering Dept., Electronics Div. Link to the third- party verification statement Link to the performance data Environmental Initiatives Environmental Initiatives Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Status of Compliance with Environmental Laws With an eye to preventing violations of environment- related laws, Toyota Industries takes measures against the recurrence of potentially serious near-accidents that may result in legal violations and performs environmental risk inspections at its plants. In fiscal 2023, there was one case of violation of water quality-related laws at one of our consolidated subsidiaries in Japan. We have carried out appropriate action to counter it as per the instructions of the authorities and thoroughly implemented measures to prevent recurrence. Soil and Groundwater Contamination Countermeasures Toyota Industries carries out surveys and purification of soil and groundwater contaminated from the past use of trichloroethylene and other substances of concern. As a measure to prevent pollution from substances covered by the Soil Contamination Countermeasures Law as well as from grease and oils, we conduct periodic checks on groundwater. We regularly report the survey results to local government authorities and provide information at local community meetings. Toyota Industries Report 2023 36 37

[PAGE 21]
Case Example: Reducing Energy Consumption by Changing the Heat Control of a Painting Drying Oven The Takahama Plant, a materials handling equipment production base in Aichi Prefecture, has been facing an increase in energy consumption due to expanding production volume. In particular, the heating burners of a painting drying oven were using a considerable amount of city gas. As part of its energy-saving activities, the plant has already installed curtains at the opening of the oven to trap heat. However, eliminating the heat loss has caused the oven’s internal temperature to easily exceed the set temperature even when the burner output is set to the minimum, leading to excessive use of gas. Because major upgrading was difficult for this old oven and its burners were just updated, the plant tried to use its ingenuity and explored other ways to reduce the amount of gas used by the burners at a minimum cost. The drying oven has a main burner to maintain the internal temperature at a set level and a pilot burner that is only used when helping to ignite the main burner. Previously, the main burner had continued to operate even after the internal temperature reached the set level. Instead, the plant decided to continuously use the pilot burner, which consumes less gas, to shut off the main burner when the set temperature is reached and reignite the main burner when the temperature drops. In this way, the plant successfully reduced its gas consumption while maintaining the desired temperature. Through the improvement, the plant was able to reduce its annual CO2 emissions by about 71 tons. Case Example: Reducing Energy Consumption through Improved Heat Balance The Higashichita Plant, a foundry part and engine production base in Aichi Prefecture, has implemented a project to reduce its energy consumption with a focus on heating facilities, which were found to consume a large quantity of energy in a survey conducted on production facilities. The plant has previously undertaken various energy- saving activities because reducing energy used by its industrial furnaces is a challenge facing the plant as a manufacturer of engine parts. In fiscal 2023, the plant launched an initiative based on the idea that identifying wasteful use of energy while paying attention to a balance between energy input into furnaces and net energy used in manufacturing processes might lead to an effective reduction in energy use. The plant conducted a survey on an aluminum melting furnace and cast iron heat treatment furnace, two particularly large consumers of energy. It identified the source for considerable energy loss for the aluminum melting furnace to be heat dissipation from the furnace body and the outlet of molten metal. For the cast iron heat treatment furnace, heat dissipation from the furnace body and heating of workpiece trays were found to be the primary causes. Accordingly, the plant adopted measures to counter each problem. As a measure against the common issue of heat dissipation from the furnace body, the plant attached insulation panels and applied thermal barrier coating to the furnaces and successfully reduced the heat released from their bodies. For the heat dissipating from the molten metal outlet of the aluminum melting furnace, a larger and thicker outlet cover was effective in increasing heat insulation and reducing heat release. As for the heating of workpiece trays of the cast iron heat treatment furnace, the plant modified the tray structure by reducing weight at the same strength and succeeded in reducing the energy used for heating. These and other comprehensive measures have resulted in an annual reduction of CO2 emissions by about 242 tons. Our Approach CSRMaterial Issue For Toyota Industries, dealing with global warming is not just a “risk.” It also presents “opportunities” in doing business to both differentiate ourselves by leveraging our technology-based product appeal and conduct eco-conscious production activities. Meanwhile, we have set a goal of establishing a zero CO2 emissions society on a global basis in our Environmental Vision 2050 and have been making efforts in various fields. In terms of product development, our activities are geared toward enhancing the environmental performance of our products in each of our businesses. These initiatives include electrifying car air-conditioning compressors and other products as well as increasing engines’ fuel efficiency. In production activities, promoting thorough energy savings and utilizing renewable energy and hydrogen are the two pillars of our activities. As specific efforts, we have been striving to thoroughly eliminate wasteful use of energy in production processes and increase the efficient use of energy. We have also adopted solar and other renewable energy sources and have been effectively utilizing clean energy, such as hydrogen. Lighter weight at the same strength Reducing Tray Weight to Reduce Energy Used for Heating Before improvement After improvement Through the initiative, we clearly identified how much energy is lost in which processes and cooperated with the relevant departments for effective countermeasures. We will utilize the knowledge gained through this experience and continue to reduce CO2 emissions further to achieve carbon neutrality at the plant. The project initially started with the task of lowering the internal temperature using a controller, but it was not successful. We then changed our way of thinking and started another task of shutting off the main burner, which went well. In the future, we will take up the challenge of switching to clean energy and work toward achieving zero plant CO2 emissions by 2050. (Left) Tatsuhiko Sugie Team leader, Foundry Section 1, Manufacturing Office, Foundry Dept., Engine Div. (Center) Wataru Ichiyanagi Environment Group, Safety & Health Dept., Engine Div. (Right) Akira Okubo SL, Foundry Section 2, Manufacturing Office, Foundry Dept., Engine Div. As of March 31, 2023 Shunsuke Sawada Painting Production Engineering 2G, Painting Production Engineering Office, Production Engineering Dept., Toyota Materials Handling Japan As of March 31, 2023 Creating a Climate Change Response Leaflet for Employees TOPICToyota Material Handling Manufacturing Sweden AB (TMHMS), a subsidiary manufacturing materials handling equipment in Sweden, has created a leaflet for employees about reducing energy use in the workplace. The aim is to communicate to employees easy and simple climate change measures, such as turning off lights and other equipment, and lay the groundwork for all- company efforts to reduce energy consumption. Temperature Set temperature ONOFFTime Main burner Pilot burner ONOFFTemperature Set temperature Time Before improvement After improvement Environmental Initiatives Environmental Initiatives Establishing a Carbon Neutral Society With regard to contributing to the prevention of global warming as one of our top-priority issues, we strive to reduce CO2 emissions from product use and the amount of energy consumed in all activities of our business sites. Through these initiatives, we are striving to minimize CO2 emissions throughout our supply chain. Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Toyota Industries Report 2023 38 39

[TABLE] TOPIC | Creating a Climate Change Response Leaflet for Employees
[TABLE] Toyota Material Handling Manufacturing Sweden AB (TMHMS), a subsidiary manufacturing
materials handling equipment in Sweden, has created a leaflet for employees about reducing
energy use in the workplace. The aim is to communicate to employees easy and simple climate
change measures, such as turning off lights and other equipment, and lay the groundwork for all-
company efforts to reduce energy consumption.

[PAGE 22]
Yantai Shougang TDAutomotive Compressor Co., Ltd. (YST), a subsidiary manufacturing car air-conditioning compressors in China, held an activity called “Eco-Commuting—Why don’t you join us?” for its employees. It encouraged participants to commute on foot, bicycles or public transport, depending on the commuting distance, instead of using cars. About 73% of employees participated in the activity in fiscal 2022, and this increased to 89% in fiscal 2023. Through this activity, employees reaffirmed the need to engage in environmental activities on their own, which has resulted in increased environmental awareness. Case Example: Reducing the Environmental Impact of Treated Water Toward achieving the goal of minimizing the environmental impact on water resources, Toyota Industries has been making related efforts in its production activities, such as discharging clean water externally after appropriately treating wastewater from production processes. At the Nagakusa Plant, a vehicle assembly base in Aichi Prefecture, the chemical oxygen demand (COD) concentration, which is an indicator of water pollution, has remained at a legally acceptable level. As a focused effort in fiscal 2023, the plant launched an initiative to reduce its environmental impact by lowering the COD concentration even further. The plant conducted a survey on water quality in each wastewater treatment process and found that the biological treatment process using microorganisms to reduce COD was not working effectively. Another survey showed the cause was sponges which are carriers of microorganisms. These sponges, which should disperse evenly in wastewater, were not mixing well with the wastewater, some floating on the surface and preventing effective treatment. In response, the plant implemented a countermeasure to place the sponges in a water-filled tank before putting them into the treatment tank. This made the sponges submerge and disperse in wastewater and allowed them to treat it very efficiently. Through the improvement, the plant successfully reduced the COD concentration of its discharged wastewater by about 33%. We will constantly work to reduce the environmental impact of our production activities. Supporting the TCFDRecommendations and Disclosing Information Based on the Recommendations In December 2019, Toyota Industries declared support for the TCFD* and its recommendations. Recognizing that climate change-related risks and opportunities represent an important management issue, we have been undertaking activities as one of our CSR material issues. In November 2021, we conducted scenario analysis and disclosed information on “governance,” “strategy,” “risk management” and “metrics and targets,” as recommended by the TCFD. Please visit Toyota Industries’ website for details of information disclosed in accordance with the TCFD recommendations. * A task force established by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) in 2015 at the request of the G20 to explore how companies should disclose climate-related information and how financial institutions should respond to climate change. Case Example: Promoting the Introduction of Renewable Energy in the Toyota Industries Group Toyota Industries has been introducing renewable energy Group-wide, while giving consideration to the characteristics of the countries and regions where our bases are located. For example, Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V., a subsidiary engaging in the logistic solutions business in the Netherlands, signed The Climate Pledge in February 2021 and has been promoting various decarbonization strategies. The pledge aims to counter climate change and reach net zero CO2 emissions by 2040, 10 years ahead of the 2050 target year of the Paris Agreement. In fiscal 2023, Vanderlande installed about 3,400 solar panels on the roof of the warehouse of its head office. These panels are expected to generate about 1.2 MWh of electricity annually. Together with the panels already installed, the annual power generation of the entire system will be approximately 2.2 MWh, accounting for about 30% of the head office’s annual electricity consumption. The initiative was carried out as part of our QC circle activities, and joint efforts of all circle members led to the reductions of the COD concentration of the treated wastewater discharged from the Nagakusa Plant as well as treatment costs. We will continue to work to further reduce our environmental impact and treatment costs. Koichiro Morimoto Power Section No. 3, Plant Engineering Dept. As of March 31, 2023 Rooftop solar panels installed by Vanderlande Link to details Implementing an Eco-Commuting Promotion Activity TOPICWater Resources Wastewater Carrier Before improvement After improvement This initiative shows Vanderlande’s commitment to emphasizing sustainability and staying ahead of the times. In the future, in addition to the energy-saving activities conducted to date, we plan to proactively undertake various initiatives to contribute to a decarbonized society, such as introducing renewable energy through the installation of solar panels on the unused rooftop of our buildings. Erik-Jan Dik Executive Manager Real Estate As of March 31, 2023 Jan-Hein De Jong Project Leader Facilities As of March 31, 2023 Environmental Initiatives Environmental Initiatives Establishing a Recycling-Based Society To establish a recycling-based society, we have been striving to reduce and recycle waste and minimize the usage of and environmental impact on water resources. Our Approach CSRMaterial Issue Water is the basis of all life on the earth and is an irreplaceable and valuable resource. Every year, however, we have been witnessing the increasingly severe impacts of droughts, floods and other natural disasters resulting from climate change as well as shortages in drinking water and agricultural water caused by the growth in the world’s population. Many of the processes of Toyota Industries use water for washing and painting products, and we regard the water supply crunch caused by climate change and population growth as a significant risk to our business activities. Accordingly, we have set a goal of minimizing the environmental impact on water resources and have been monitoring water input and output in each country and region and promoting the recycling of water and reduction of water withdrawal. Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Toyota Industries Report 2023 40 41

[TABLE] Top Message | Value Creation
[TABLE] TOPIC | Implementing an Eco-Commuting Promotion Activity
[TABLE] Yantai Shougang TD Automotive Compressor Co., Ltd. (YST), a subsidiary manufacturing car air-conditioning
compressors in China, held an activity called “Eco-Commuting—Why don’t you join us?” for its employees. It
encouraged participants to commute on foot, bicycles or public transport, depending on the commuting distance,
instead of using cars. About 73% of employees
participated in the activity in fiscal 2022, and this
increased to 89% in fiscal 2023.
Through this activity, employees reaffirmed
the need to engage in environmental activities
on their own, which has resulted in increased
environmental awareness.

[PAGE 23]
Waste In this project, the entire plant worked as a team to respond to a “we wish we could” request from the Manufacturing Department. The process of applying two colors of paint, the demand for which is growing recently, generates a considerable amount of waste. In response, the Manufacturing Department teamed up with the Design Department to overcome the issue by looking at it from a different angle and succeeded in increasing operational efficiency and reducing the amount of waste. We will continue to promote the reduction of waste through teamwork across departmental borders. (Top) Yusuke Nakagami Body 1G, Designing Office No. 1, Vehicle Engineering Dept., Vehicle Div. (Bottom) Takashi Ichikawa Quality staff, Paint & Plastic Sec., Manufacturing Dept., Vehicle Div. As of March 31, 2023 Promoting the Recycling of Household Waste TOPICDuring the Environmental Month held in June 2022, Toyota Material Handling Mercosur Indústria e Comércio de Equipamentos Ltda (TMHM), a subsidiary manufacturing materials handling equipment in Brazil, conducted “RECICLE,” a project to promote the recycling of waste from employees’ homes. Recycling has become an issue in the community in which TMHM is located because it does not have a public recycling system. With the cooperation of a waste treatment operator, TMHM set up waste bins within its plant to collect household waste from employees, which is then collected by the operator for recycling. As a result, about 32 kg of household waste was recycled. Through such activities, TMHM will work to increase the recycling awareness of employees and their families and contribute to the resolution of issues in the community. 24 m2 4 m2 Before improvement After improvement Masked area Masked area Environmental Initiatives Environmental Initiatives Our Approach CSRMaterial Issue Mass consumption, if continued on the back of the expanding world population and economic growth, will eventually deplete natural resources. Toyota Industries believes it is essential to promote 3R (reduce, reuse and recycle) design for effective resource utilization and the recycling of waste as resources. We set a goal of minimizing the use of resources in our Environmental Vision 2050. Accordingly, we have been making various efforts, including extending the life of components as well as reducing their size and weight in the area of product development. In production activities, implementing measures to reduce resource consumption at the source, ensuring the maximum resource recycling within a plant and reducing waste by using leading-edge technologies are the three pillars of our activities. Case Example: Reducing the Use of Masking Materials by Improving Two-Color Painting Process The Nagakusa Plant, a vehicle assembly base in Aichi Prefecture, has been working to reduce its use of resources. At the plant, painting a two-color body of the RAV4 is done in two steps. The conventional method applied a first color to the lower part of the vehicle, and after masking the painted part, painted the roof with a second color. In this order, large quantities of masking materials were needed to cover the lower part. The plant launched an improvement activity, based on reducing the use of masking materials by first painting and masking the roof, which is smaller than the lower part. The plant verified the change in the order of paint application to identify any issue and found that the new order will change the orientation of the edge, which represents a level gap between the two painted portions, and cause the paint to peel off as parts interfere with each other when opening and closing the doors. The appearance of the edge itself will also deteriorate. The Design, Quality Assurance, Manufacturing and other departments worked together for a design change and resolved these issues by moving the edge further inward. As a result, the use of masking materials was reduced by 74%. We will continue to make joint efforts, encompassing design and other upstream departments as well as manufacturing sites, to reduce our consumption of materials. Case Example: Recycling Waste Plastics from Production Processes Toyota Industries has been promoting initiatives to recycle waste under the theme of “Waste when mixed, resources when sorted.” The Kyowa Plant, an on-board battery production base in Aichi Prefecture, discharges waste consisting of various types of plastics, such as plastic chips and residues of materials used in products. We promote the recycling of waste by sorting it into four groups of plastics, namely polypropylene (PP), polyphenylene ether (PPE), acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) and others, and have a recycling operator recover the first three for repelleting. In fiscal 2023, we promoted recycling even further by examining and sorting the waste plastics included in the “others” group. After discussing the matter with a recycling operator, we found that we can sort out otherwise discarded PP/polyethylene (PE) mix from the group and started recycling it. Going forward, we will work to promote the recycling of waste further. Reducing Environmental Risk and Establishing a Society in Harmony with Nature We endeavor to conserve biodiversity and use natural resources in a sustainable manner through our business activities and seek to achieve harmony between these activities and biodiversity. At the same time, we aim to minimize environmental risk by working not to generate substances of concern because of our business activities. Conservation of Biodiversity: Our Approach CSRMaterial Issue Deforestation is now proceeding in various parts of the world, causing the fragmentation of the habitats of living organisms. In order for humankind to live in harmony with nature, it is essential to protect nature in each region. In our Environmental Vision 2050, we set a goal of generating a positive impact on biodiversity and have been conducting various business activities while continuously paying attention to their influence on the natural environment. We have also formulated the biodiversity policy and have been promoting initiatives accordingly. The policy clearly stipulates that we seek to reduce the impact of our business activities on biodiversity and work with local communities for the conservation of biodiversity. Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Toyota Industries Report 2023 42 43

[TABLE] TOPIC | Promoting the Recycling of Household Waste
[TABLE] During the Environmental Month held in June 2022, Toyota Material Handling Mercosur Indústria
e Comércio de Equipamentos Ltda (TMHM), a subsidiary manufacturing materials handling
equipment in Brazil, conducted “RECICLE,” a project to promote the recycling of waste from
employees’ homes. Recycling has become an issue in the community in which TMHM is located
because it does not have a public recycling system. With the cooperation of a waste treatment
operator, TMHM set up waste bins within its plant to collect household waste from employees,
which is then collected by the operator for recycling. As a result, about 32 kg of household waste
was recycled.
Through such activities, TMHM will work to increase the recycling awareness of employees
and their families and contribute to the resolution of issues in the community.

[PAGE 24]
We have conducted activities with employees of the Higashichita Plant to familiarize them with the birdpia, such as assembling and painting an observation shed and coloring and setting up little tern decoys. We will continue to engage in activities to enhance the birdpia as a site where people and nature can co-exist. Yuka Fukagawa Biodiversity Conservation Group, Environmental Conservation Office, Environmental Management Dept. As of March 31, 2023 Certified as an “Excellent Biodiversity Company” by the Aichi Prefectural Government Cooperation with and Evaluation by External Organizations TOPICTOPICIn November 2022, Toyota Industries received “Excellent” certification in the Aichi Biodiversity Company Certification Program. The program was established by the Aichi prefectural government in 2022 to certify companies engaging in activities that contribute to biodiversity, in particular, activities that reach throughout the community and ensure continuity. Going ahead, we will continue to undertake activities together with the local community to contribute to the conservation of biodiversity. We held a workshop with experts and students of the Chita Peninsula Ecological Network Council and examined ways to utilize the woodland zone. We also work with student committee members of the Project Linking Life with One Another* and regularly conduct surveys to monitor living organisms. In recognition of our activities, Toyota Industries has received a “Good Partnership Project” award under the Cars and Society Partnership Grand Prize program run by the Automobile Business Association of Japan. * A project jointly carried out by Aichi Prefecture, NPOs, companies and students with the aim of forming ecological networks by leveraging corporate green zones of the Chita Peninsula as well as developing young environmental leaders Toyota Industries’ biodiversity conservation activities are also available on our Instagram account, “Tsu Na Gu (‘Link’).” Our Biotope at the East of Obu Station and animal path within the Higashiura Plant can be viewed on Toyota Industries’ website. Links to Virtual Tours Link to the Biotope at the East of Obu Station (in Japanese) Link to the animal path (in Japanese) Environmental Initiatives Environmental Initiatives Toyota Industries Group’s Activities to Conserve Biodiversity To contribute to the conservation of biodiversity in the community, the Toyota Industries Group promotes activities globally, leveraging the unique characteristics of each plant. n Setting up an Insect Hotel within the Plant Premises Toyota Material Handling Manufacturing Sweden AB (TMHMS), a subsidiary manufacturing materials handling equipment in Sweden, has created a biodiversity area on the plant premises and set up an insect hotel, a man-made habitat, within the area for insects and microorganisms. The aim is to create an environment friendly to insects and microorganisms, attract birds and small animals that feed on them and ultimately establish a balanced ecosystem. n Holding a Contest on Drawings of an Endemic Bird P.T. TDAutomotive Compressor Indonesia (TACI), a production subsidiary in Indonesia, held a drawing contest for children of its employees on the theme of Rothchild’s mynah, an endangered and endemic species in Indonesia. Holding a family-engaging event creates an opportunity for employees and their families to recognize the importance of biodiversity. n Contributing to the Local Ecosystem by Distributing Seeds of Indigenous Plants Raymond Corporation, a subsidiary manufacturing materials handling equipment in North America, distributed seeds of indigenous plants along with an awareness-raising letter to all employees. Through the letter describing a variety of benefits brought about by plants, Raymond communicated to its employees that our lives are supported by diverse ecosystems. Creation of “Birdpia,” a Paradise for Birds We created “birdpia,” a paradise for birds, within the premises of the Higashichita Plant to attract endangered bird species. Contributing to Biodiversity within the Plant Premises Currently, many living organisms are in danger of disappearing, and the ecological balance is on the verge of collapsing. In April 2022, Toyota Industries joined the 30by30 Alliance for Biodiversity, which was established by the Ministry of the Environment prior to the United Nations Biodiversity Conference (COP15). Toward achieving the goal of generating a positive impact on biodiversity as specified in our Environmental Vision 2050, we have been leveraging the unique characteristics of our plants and conducting a range of activities to contribute to the natural environment. The Higashichita Plant is located adjacent to Kinuura Bay, which used to be a nestling place for many little terns. In recent years, the bird’s population has declined as suitable breeding places disappear. In response, Toyota Group companies with plants in the bay area have been working together to conserve little terns and other endangered bird species, under the concept of “Restoring Kinuura Bay to its original state to provide a safe place for birds to build nests.” A survey by experts revealed that the idle land owned by the Higashichita Plant is a wetland that can also attract birds other than little terns, and Toyota Industries has been promoting activities for conserving the bird species. Expanding a Habitat for Birds and Using It as a Venue for Education To become a plant operating in harmony with nature, the birdpia in the Higashichita Plant seeks to secure a stable living environment for birds and achieve habitat separation between humans and birds. It is used to expand the habitat for birds and serve as a venue to provide environmental education for employees and their families to learn about biodiversity. The birdpia is divided into four zones, namely grassland, woodland, wetland and gravel zones, to provide a diverse environment. An observation shed and walking paths are also set up to allow people to observe birds and other living things without endangering their habitats. We have confirmed that the birdpia has been visited by about 50 species of birds and will continue to make efforts to contribute to expanding the ecosystem in Kinuura Bay. Aichi Biodiversity Company Certification Program logo Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Toyota Industries Report 2023 44 45

[TABLE] TOPIC | Certified as an “Excellent Biodiversity
Company” by the Aichi Prefectural
Government
[TABLE] In November 2022, Toyota Industries received
“Excellent” certification in the Aichi Biodiversity
Company Certification Program.
The program was established by the Aichi
prefectural government in 2022 to certify companies
engaging in activities that contribute to biodiversity,
in particular, activities that reach throughout the
community and ensure continuity. Going ahead, we
will continue to undertake activities together with the
local community to contribute to the conservation of
biodiversity.
Aichi Biodiversity
Company Certification
Program logo
[TABLE] TOPIC | Cooperation with and Evaluation by
External Organizations
[TABLE] We held a workshop with experts and students of
the Chita Peninsula Ecological Network Council and
examined ways to utilize the woodland zone. We also
work with student committee members of the Project
Linking Life with One Another* and regularly conduct
surveys to monitor living organisms.
In recognition of our activities, Toyota Industries
has received a “Good Partnership Project” award
under the Cars and Society Partnership Grand Prize
program run by the Automobile Business Association
of Japan.
* A project jointly carried out by Aichi Prefecture, NPOs, companies and
students with the aim of forming ecological networks by leveraging
corporate green zones of the Chita Peninsula as well as developing young
environmental leaders

[PAGE 25]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Awards ceremony at the Regional QC Circle Convention in Europe (Sweden) Relationship with Our Stakeholders Carrying on the spirit of founder Sakichi Toyoda that “A product should never be sold unless it has been carefully manufactured and fully tested in the commercial trial, with completely satisfactory results,” Toyota Industries strongly believes that quality is the lifeblood of a company. Quality must also be built on compliance with laws and regulations, standards, guidelines and specifications that have been agreed upon with customers. Under this belief, we have formulated our Quality Vision as our philosophy in ensuring quality that forms the basis of our operations. Toyota Industries strives to maintain and improve the total quality of our corporate activities, which encompasses not only “product quality” but also “marketing quality” and “management quality.” “Product quality” is embodied in the safety, eco- friendliness, durability, ease of use and workmanship of our products, while “marketing quality” entails excellent sales and service in addition to these attributes and “management quality” further enhances our overall corporate image and brand strength in terms of all of these attributes. Basic Perspective Quality Vision Each and every member of the Toyota Industries Group complies with laws and regulations while thinking and acting from the perspective of customers at their workplaces and positions to supply appealing products/services that exceed the expectations of customers around the world, with safe and reliable quality. Types of Quality Sought by Toyota Industries Relationship with Our Stakeholders Relationship with Our Customers Regarding quality as one of its material issues, Toyota Industries practices monozukuri (manufacturing) that quickly responds to the diverse, ever-changing needs of customers. Preventing Occurrence and Recurrence of Defects If a defect is found in a product after its launch, the Quality Assurance Department of the responsible business division takes the lead in making a swift response to eliminate the concerns of customers quickly and implementing measures to ensure the non-recurrence of the same defect. In particular, a defect causing considerable inconvenience to customers is recorded as a critical quality issue and reported to the president. At the same time, we have in place a system to follow through on customer response as well as measures to prevent recurrence. Accordingly, we examine and identify the cause by going back to its development process. We implement countermeasures both from the process and technological aspects and revise our new product development process as necessary. Through these measures, we strive to thoroughly avoid the recurrence of the defect in subsequent models. Additionally, we make efforts to prevent the occurrence of defects in all products we develop and manufacture in the future by taking measures throughout Toyota Industries. Regarding the regulatory violation related to certification for engines we manufacture for lift trucks for the Japanese market, we are making concerted efforts to not only implement the above measures but also establish a stronger check system. Providing Support to Suppliers Since improving the quality of our products requires concerted efforts with our suppliers in and outside Japan, we are strengthening joint quality assurance activities with major suppliers. n Quality Audit In each annual quality audit, we conduct genchi genbutsu (go and see for yourself) inspections to confirm each business partner’s quality control status, provide support and quality education for items that should be reinforced and cultivate a deeper understanding of kaizen (improvement). In fiscal 2023, we continued to undertake audit activities under the COVID-19 pandemic while attaching greater emphasis on genchi genbutsu inspections and using mobile cameras as necessary. n Nurturing and Certifying Internal Auditors at Suppliers To foster voluntary quality improvement efforts of suppliers, we are maintaining and promoting activities for suppliers satisfying our criteria to nurture and certify their own internal auditors and autonomously improve their quality assurance systems. These activities enable our suppliers to attain the level of quality assurance required and establish a culture to foster quality assurance on their own. Promoting Human Resources and Workplace Development Toyota Industries provides systematic quality education to all employees to help them acquire quality assurance skills needed in actual operations. We have been developing human resources who think, learn and act on their own. n QCCircle Activities We encourage all employees to participate in quality control (QC) circle activities. We have garnered many awards, as we presented the results of our activities at QC circle conventions across Japan. For example, in fiscal 2023 we received an encouragement award under the QCCircle Kaoru Ishikawa Award program for two consecutive years (for the ninth time in total). The award is given to QC circles for their distinctive activities and contribution to widespread, more active and better QC circle activities. Our production bases outside Japan are also proactive in promoting QC circle activities. We assist them in undertaking independent activities by nurturing and certifying global QC circle trainers at each base. Even though the COVID-19 pandemic affected QC circle activities of all bases outside Japan since fiscal 2021, these trainers have devised creative solutions to promote and maintain their initiatives. As for the Global QCCircle Convention held in Japan as a venue for presenting activity results, we have been holding a video session since fiscal 2021. Among the Regional QC Circle Conventions hosted in respective regions, the one in Europe was held for the first time in three years in fiscal 2023 to share the accomplishments made by respective bases. All employees are striving for kaizen in their day-to-day operations through creative ideas. With regard to such ideas, we received three awards in fiscal 2023 in the Creativity category in the Commendation for Science and Technology by Japan’s Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology. These awards are given to those who have used ingenuity in an excellent way and contributed to technology improvement. n Nurturing Human Resources Who Can Take a Scientific Approach As part of our basic education on quality management, we teach the basics of statistical quality control (SQC) and machine learning. In order to increase the practical application of machine learning, we have been nurturing core human resources through problem solving in the workplace. We have held the TICOSQCConvention for 39 years to share best practices of each business division and hone collective skills. In fiscal 2023 as well, this session was held online in response to COVID-19. Quality levels that customers truly expect Manufacturing capabilities Brand strength Corporate image Sales Service Logistics Design quality Product quality Workmanship Safety Eco-friendliness Durability Ease of use Compliance with laws and regulations, standards, guidelines and specifications that have been agreed upon with customers Management quality Marketing quality Manufacturing capabilities CSRMaterial Issue > Rate of eligible employees receiving training to promote quality education (non-consolidated): 92.3% Quality Guidelines and Quality Assurance Structure To achieve the goal of the Quality Vision, we issue the Quality Guidelines, which identify priority quality- related issues to be implemented in each fiscal year, to all production bases in and outside Japan and engage in quality assurance activities accordingly. The implementation status of these guidelines is reviewed by top management at the Quality Functional Meeting chaired by an executive in charge of quality*1 for identifying additional issues and devising countermeasures. Issues raised are followed up at meetings of the Company-wide Council of Heads of Quality Assurance Departments chaired by the head of the Quality Control Department*1. *1: As of March 31, 2023 Toyota Industries undertakes product development that meets customer expectations by capturing market needs and understanding how our products are actually used by customers. At Toyota Industries, the development of a new product entails defining specific goals to incorporate quality in every stage from product planning and design to production preparation, production, sales and after-sales services. We perform a design review (DR), which allows a product to proceed to the next stage only when the head of a responsible business division examines and approves whether the product has reached the target quality level. Additionally, we are proactive in obtaining ISO 9001 certification, an international standard for quality management systems, and IATF 16949, an international standard for automotive quality management systems, throughout the Group. > ISO 9001 and IATF 16949 certification: Acquired by 33 out of the 38 production subsidiaries (as of July 2022) n Risk Assessment for Product Safety In order to provide products that are safe for customers to use, each business division conducts risk assessment during a DR to identify all risks. We are also providing Company-wide specialized risk assessment education to promote the development of human resources who can assess two factors integral to risk assessment, namely, the likelihood of an occurrence of a hazard and the severity of damage caused by it. CSRMaterial Issue > Rate of performing risk assessment on applicable products (non-consolidated): 100% Quality assurance activities at all bases in and outside Japan Checking and identifying issues of Company-wide quality status and progress in implementing the guidelines President Company-wide Council of Heads of Quality Assurance Departments Implementing Company- wide guidelines Quality Guidelines Quality Guideline 1 Quality assurance in product development Quality Guideline 2 Quality assurance in mass production Quality Guideline 3 Quality assurance at business partners Quality Guideline 4 Human resources/ workplace development Quality Vision Quality Roadmap Quality Functional Meeting Heads of business divisions Executive in charge of quality CAPDPDCA*2 cycle *2: PDCA (Plan, Do, Check, Act) Quality Assurance Activities Based on the Quality Guidelines TICOSQCConvention (online streaming) Toyota Industries Report 2023 46 47

[TABLE] Quality
Vision | Each and every member of the Toyota Industries Group complies with laws and regulations while thinking
and acting from the perspective of customers at their workplaces and positions to supply appealing
products/services that exceed the expectations of customers around the world, with safe and reliable quality.
[TABLE] Checking and identifying issues of Company-wide
[TABLE] quality status and progress in implementing the guidelines
[TABLE] Implementing Company-
[TABLE] wide guidelines
[TABLE] Executive in charge of quality | Heads of business divisions
[TABLE] Quality assurance activities at all bases in and outside Japan
[TABLE] Quality Guideline 1
Quality assurance in
product development | Quality Guideline 2
Quality assurance in
mass production | Quality Guideline 3
Quality assurance at
business partners | Quality Guideline 4
Human resources/
workplace development

[PAGE 26]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Sustainability Guidelines for Suppliers To work together throughout the supply chain to realize a sustainable society, we distribute the Sustainability Guidelines for Suppliers, which describe our requirements for suppliers related to safety, human rights, labor practices, the environment, compliance and other topics, to suppliers while thoroughly informing them about the content. In April 2023, we made revisions to the guidelines, such as adding provisions on cybersecurity. We inspect their compliance with the guidelines by performing an annual check on existing suppliers and requesting new suppliers to perform a self- inspection using a checklist and following up on their efforts. Through these checks, we confirmed that all suppliers comply with the guidelines in fiscal 2023. Moreover, through a periodic check on commodity items of concern, such as conflict minerals, we strive to maintain healthy transactions and reinforce a related structure throughout the supply chain. Human Resources Development to Enhance Procurement Knowledge We proactively provide personnel in charge of procurement at Toyota Industries and affiliated companies with education to enhance procurement knowledge. In fiscal 2023, we provided education mainly on Japan’s Subcontracting Law as well as topics related to sustainability such as human rights and the environment. We also utilize e-learning to thoroughly inform personnel in charge of procurement about our response to the Japanese government’s activities to prevent the unjust use of a superior bargaining position as stipulated in antitrust laws as well as initiatives and guidelines aimed at ensuring fair subcontracts. Participants of Subcontracting Law- Related Seminars 1,000 800 600 400 200 0 (Persons) 20 21 22 23 19 (FY) Affiliated companies Toyota Industries Sustainability Guidelines for Suppliers Link to the guidelines Relationship with Our Stakeholders Relationship with Our Stakeholders Basic Perspective Procurement Policies • Fair and equitable business transactions based on an open door policy • Co-existence and co-prosperity based on mutual trust • Reducing environmental impact through environmentally preferable purchasing • Localization of business for good corporate citizenship • Legal compliance Relationship with Our Business Partners Toyota Industries encourages open procurement and seeks co-existence and co-prosperity with our business partners (suppliers) based on mutual trust. We also facilitate environmentally preferable purchasing, human resources development, fair trade, disaster prevention activities assuming earthquakes and various other disasters and more efficient purchasing. Fair and Equitable Business Transactions Based on an Open Door Policy We provide fair and equitable opportunities to all potential suppliers. We comprehensively evaluate our suppliers based on factors such as quality, price, adherence to delivery times, safety, business stability and technology development capabilities. We also assess whether they fulfill their social responsibilities, including legal compliance, respect for human rights and environmental protection activities, as we strive for fair and equitable business transactions. Co-Existence and Co-Prosperity Based on Mutual Trust We strive to realize co-existence and co-prosperity with our suppliers based on mutual trust. Every year, we hold procurement policy meetings and workshops for managers of major suppliers to facilitate mutual understanding and cooperation. In addition, as full-year efforts for major suppliers, we implement quality control through quality audits and the development of internal auditors and provide programs such as technical skills training, guidance directed toward kaizen at their production sites and safety and health education. As for changes in the business environment, including rises in various costs, we continually discuss with suppliers to thoroughly understand the difficulties they are facing and seek to achieve sustainable development for both parties. Reducing Environmental Impact through Environmentally Preferable Purchasing We procure parts, raw materials and equipment while using environmental friendliness as one important assessment criterion when selecting suppliers. The seventh edition of our Environmentally Preferable Purchasing Guidelines contains our Environmental Vision 2050, including the establishment of a carbon neutral society. Accordingly, we have been strengthening environmental management so as to promote environmental protection activities in our entire supply chain. Efforts include giving consideration to the entire product lifecycle as early as the development stage. Environmentally Preferable Purchasing Guidelines Link to the guidelines Safety and Health Activities for Suppliers We visit the sites of our major suppliers in person to conduct a genchi genbutsu safety and health inspection*3. We also hold sessions to explain our Occupational Safety and Health Policies. Based on the analysis of accidents that occurred in the previous fiscal year and information on legal revisions, we promote safety and health activities for the next fiscal year for the prevention of similar accidents through these sessions. With a view to seeking zero accidents (fires and explosions), industrial accidents and disorders on the premises of Toyota Industries, we have established the Safety and Health Council with subcontractors located on our premises. When an accident or industrial accident does occur, we ask them to report it to us and investigate the cause in accordance with the rules and procedures stipulated by Toyota Industries. Also, we jointly create a comfortable working environment by sharing information on accidents and disorder prevention activities of Toyota Industries. Using past accident cases as a reference, we periodically share various information, including matters that should be observed to prevent similar accidents, with subcontractors of outsourced work. We also request their cooperation to perform risk assessment in the construction work planning stage to identify associated risks. In addition, we encourage them to always discuss in advance a safe work method with the departments of Toyota Industries planning a construction project. *3: Canceled due to COVID-19 from fiscal 2021 to fiscal 2023 CSRMaterial Issue > Rate of performing a sustainability check on applicable suppliers (non-consolidated): 100% Reinforcing Relationships with Suppliers n Declaration of Partnership Building We publicly announced our Declaration of Partnership Building in September 2021 and have been striving to form a good relationship with our suppliers. The declaration clarifies that we make corporate and focused efforts to realize co- existence and co-prosperity with our entire supply chain, start new forms of collaboration regardless of company size and corporate group affiliations, and observe the preferred trade practices between a parent business operator and its subcontractors (included in the business promotion criteria of the Act on the Promotion of Subcontracting Small and Medium-sized Enterprises). n Hotline for Suppliers In 2016, we set up a hotline for our suppliers to report and inquire about possible compliance violations in Toyota Industries’ procurement activities to ensure early detection and the prevention of problems. n Toward Achieving Carbon Neutrality in Our Supply Chain Toyota Industries holds sessions to explain carbon neutrality to its major suppliers. In fiscal 2023, we described our initiatives for reducing CO2 emissions and asked for their cooperation in managing their emissions. Jointly with suppliers, we will continue to step up our efforts toward achieving carbon neutrality throughout our supply chain. Link to the declaration (in Japanese) Business Continuity Management (BCM) In further promoting BCM, we are making concerted efforts with suppliers to reduce associated risks by implementing specific measures. In fiscal 2022, to deal with frequent natural disasters in recent years, we rebuilt a system to identify disaster-induced damage to suppliers. Previously, we had conducted an impact survey on suppliers by concurrently using multiple systems for various customers. In place of these systems, we adopted a new, unified system, which has enabled us to perform the impact survey in a more efficient and timely manner and contribute to their BCM. Moreover, in order to recover quickly and maintain production, we continued to reinforce our earthquake and flood control measures at each base while at the same time reevaluating an appropriate level of inventories and examining ways to decentralize suppliers and production bases. Toyota Industries Report 2023 48 49

[TABLE] Procurement
Policies | • Fair and equitable business transactions based on an open door policy
• Co-existence and co-prosperity based on mutual trust
• Reducing environmental impact through environmentally preferable purchasing
• Localization of business for good corporate citizenship
• Legal compliance

[PAGE 27]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Nurturing Human Resources and Promoting Active Roles It is crucial to build a flexible and robust organization that can adapt to future uncertainties and various changes. Accordingly, we strive to nurture human resources who can trigger changes in the surrounding environment and themselves and back up associates tackling challenges. n On-the-Job Training (OJT) We engage in human resources development in each workplace with a focus on the OJT cycle consisting of three steps: setting a role and theme for each associate, giving guidance and providing performance evaluation and feedback. Specifically, a supervisor and subordinate hold discussions to determine an aspired role and theme at the beginning of a fiscal year. After laying down the growth expectation and target for the subordinate, the supervisor gives guidance on a daily basis. At semiannual interviews, the supervisor gives feedback to the subordinate on his or her strengths and areas of improvement. The cycle leads to further growth and a more active role of each subordinate. Going ahead, we will introduce a 360-degree feedback system designed to encourage the growth of supervisors. Through the system, we will provide an opportunity for them to reflect on their actions and facilitate behavioral change. As additional efforts to support autonomous career development, we will establish a system for associates to submit their aspired growth and role to their respective workplaces and enhance our internal job posting system that allows them to apply for a desired job. n Off-the Job Training (Off-JT) We provide various training programs that are practical and useful in the workplace, including induction training for new associates, training for newly promoted associates and seminars to gain specialized knowledge or capabilities. These programs are also made available to associates of affiliated companies in Japan. We also engage in the development of human resources globally with a focus on the following three pillars. (1) Global leader training (2) People-to-people exchange (temporary overseas assignment, overseas training and Intra-Company Transferee (ICT) system to accept associates of Group companies outside Japan) (3) Training to be held at Group companies outside Japan to cultivate a sense of value shared across the Toyota Industries Group n Support for Personal Development We provide opportunities and venues for personal development and voluntary study to increase associates’ willingness to expand their knowledge and perspective and to learn independently. We also provide financial aid to support their personal development. n Human Resources Management and Labor Management 144th General Shareholders’ Meeting Interview between a supervisor and subordinate Training Setting role/ theme Giving guidance Evaluation & feedback Relationship with Our Stakeholders Relationship with Our Stakeholders Relationship with Our Shareholders and Investors Relationship with Our Associates We aim to facilitate an understanding of the Toyota Industries Group and obtain an appropriate company valuation in stock markets through information disclosure based on fair disclosure rules as well as proactive dialogue with shareholders and investors. We undertake initiatives to enable associates to work safely and with peace of mind and to allow diverse human resources to exercise their potential and play active roles. Basic Perspective and Implementation Structure Toyota Industries continually carries out information disclosure based on fair disclosure rules for shareholders and investors. In this way, we raise management transparency and increase an understanding of the Toyota Industries Group so that we obtain an appropriate company valuation in stock markets. Our investor relations (IR) activities are supervised by an executive in charge of investor relations. We also strive to engage in proactive dialogue with shareholders and investors by establishing a dedicated department. Communication with Shareholders and Investors As in the previous fiscal year, we implemented various safety protocols for our 144th General Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 10, 2022, including reducing the number of available seats, to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and ensure the safety of our shareholders. With regard to the exercise of voting rights, we encouraged shareholders to use the Internet and other online means. All resolutions were passed at the meeting. For institutional investors and analysts, we held financial results briefings by management, while the Investor Relations Office conducted individual interviews, mainly via telephone and the Internet. Through these opportunities, we engaged in dialogue on a range of topics, including the impact of global inflation and supply chain disruptions on our business and business results as well as subsequent future outlook; market conditions in each of the Lift Truck Business and Logistics Solutions Business; production and sales status in our automobile-related businesses; direction of business over the medium to long term; and our approach to and initiatives for the environment, social and governance (ESG) issues. In December 2022, we hosted an information session at our Toyota L&FCustomer Center Tokyo to describe the Materials Handling Equipment Business including logistics solutions, a topic of keen interest among institutional investors. The hybrid session, held in person and via the Internet, was attended by more than 100 securities analysts, institutional investors, journalists and other parties. We held a dialogue with them about our potential and strategies to achieve business growth over the medium to long term and allowed them to see our systems and equipment. For individual investors, we held web-based company information sessions to explain Toyota Industries’ businesses, characteristics and strengths and answered many questions. Through such communications with shareholders and investors, we successfully promoted a deeper understanding of Toyota Industries’ entire businesses. Opinions and requests obtained through these communications are fed back to executives and relevant business divisions as necessary to reflect them in our future business activities. Information session on the Materials Handling Equipment Business Returning Profits to Shareholders Toyota Industries regards ensuring shareholder benefits as one of the most important management policies. In returning profits to shareholders, we emphasize stable cash dividends. Accordingly, we strive to continue paying dividends at the consolidated dividend payout ratio of roughly 30% and meet the expectations of shareholders upon comprehensively taking into consideration such factors as business results and demand for funds. For fiscal 2023, Toyota Industries increased annual cash dividends by ¥20.0 from the previous fiscal year and paid annual cash dividends per share of ¥190.0 (interim cash dividend per share of ¥90.0 and year-end cash dividend per share of ¥100.0). Basic Concept Toyota Industries undertakes a range of initiatives based on our basic perspective to develop and leverage the capabilities of associates and the organization to the fullest by promoting the creation of a highly motivated team. Increasing Work Motivation It is essential to create an open workplace so that individual associates can fully demonstrate their abilities in their own ways and find their work rewarding and meaningful. At Toyota Industries, supervisors and more experienced associates have been taking the lead in creating a workplace culture that allows members to freely share opinions and suggestions. They also work to establish a relationship so that they can sincerely work to solve difficulties or troubles faced by members. To this end, we are making Company- wide efforts and holding labor-management discussions throughout the year. We also conduct an annual Company-wide morale survey to listen to voices of associates. Survey topics cover various aspects, including workplace culture, an individual’s willingness to grow and growth achieved and supervisors’ management of subordinates. By doing so, we clarify issues and required measures and make efforts accordingly. Toyota Industries Report 2023 50 51

[PAGE 28]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information n Safety and Health Basic Perspective Based on the idea of building “a homelike atmosphere at work that is warm and friendly” as stated in the Toyoda Precepts, we formulated the Safety Vision in 2013 after holding repeated discussions on the “basic stance on safety” and “optimal safety we seek.” The vision has been instilled at all bases in the Toyota Industries Group. n Structure for Promoting Safety and Health Under our basic policy of placing a top priority on safety and health, we have been striving to eliminate accidents and occupational disorders. As part of such efforts, we have established the necessary committees, including the Central Safety and Health Committee and Plant Safety and Health Committees. n Occupational Safety and Health Management System In accordance with the concept of an Occupational Safety and Health Management System (OSHMS/ISO 45001), we have established a required management structure in each plant (or business division) headed by a general safety and health manager (senior executive officer or another executive) and have been achieving improvements in safety and health activities on an ongoing basis from human, object and administrative standpoints based on risk assessment. Supporting Active Roles of Diverse Human Resources For generating new value by flexibly responding to the changing business environment and diversifying customer needs, we aim to create an organization that allows human resources that are diverse and proactive to exercise their abilities to the fullest and make accomplishments through co-creation. We are promoting initiatives to realize a corporate culture in which associates accept and respect each other’s differences, including gender, age, nationality, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, disabilities, experience, sense of value or any other invisible difference. n Empowerment of Female Associates We aspire to let individual associates take active roles regardless of gender. Accordingly, we have been undertaking a range of initiatives from various aspects, such as changing mindsets, providing career support for female associates and promoting flexible working practices. In seeking to ensure that female associates engaging in production operations fully work and take active roles until an older age, we also hold a work style seminar for female production associates and a seminar for supervisors on nurturing female subordinates. As a result of these efforts, Toyota Industries received Japan’s “Eruboshi” certification and an “Excellent Company” award under Aichi Prefecture’s “Female-Friendly Company” certification program. n Initiatives for Persons with Disabilities We respect the idea of people with and without disabilities working together and sharing life and work values. Under this basic policy, we continue to employ persons with disabilities every year. In order to ensure that they receive fair opportunities for achieving growth and taking active roles after joining Toyota Industries, we dispatch sign language interpreters when they receive training, provide tools to support communication and assign counseling staff. n Creating an Age-Inclusive Workplace We provide practical digital skills education for experienced associates, who have broad work experience and perspectives, to learn the knowledge on digital technologies and know-how to use them through themed practical work in the workplace. They cultivate knowledge and skills through education and contribute to the workplace by actively promoting the use of digital technologies after finishing their education. In order to enable older associates to work and take active roles in production operations, we have been creating better, less physically stressful production lines for them. Efforts include setting up standards for the handling of heavy objects and a work environment that makes it easier for older associates to work, and improvement in processes in production lines using digital technologies. Link to performance data (social) Link to the action plan (in Japanese) Improvement Flow of Safety and Health Activities Continuous improvement Plans Occupational Safety and Health Policies Review by management Inspection and corrective measures AC Execution and operation DPManagement Council / CSRCommittee Central Safety and Health Committee (Chaired by the responsible senior executive officer, etc.) (Held twice a year) Workplace Safety and Health Committees (Held once a month) Subcommittee on Improvement of Working Environment (Held twice/year) Plant Safety and Health Committees (Chaired by the responsible senior executive officer, etc.) (Held once a month) Training program to practice career interviews Practical digital skills education for experienced associates Relationship with Our Stakeholders Relationship with Our Stakeholders n Work Styles without Time or Place Constraints To enable associates to work productively, we are working to create systems and an environment for them to work flexibly without time or place constraints. To offer more diverse work style options, we have enhanced our telecommuting system in addition to establishing a flex time system without core- hour requirements, satellite offices and a discretionary work system. Targets and Major Initiatives for Promoting Active Roles of Female Associates CSRMaterial Issue Target 1 Ratio of female managers: Double the ratio to 2.4% in fiscal 2025 and triple it to 3.6% in fiscal 2031 compared with fiscal 2015 when the target was defined Result 1.7%, or 1.4 times the fiscal 2015 level (as of March 31, 2023) Example efforts Awareness-raising seminars for managers; training for career development for female associates; formulating and implementing individual development plans; role model exchange meetings; pre-maternity leave seminars; installing delivery lockers in-house Target 2 Ratio of female graduate recruits: 40% in office work positions and 10% in engineering positions Result 57% in office work positions and 8% in engineering positions (among new hires in April 2023) Example efforts Recruitment events for female students; participating in initiatives of the Toyota Female Engineer Development Foundation Target 3 Ratio of male associates taking parental leave: 30% in fiscal 2026 Result 32.5% (fiscal 2023) Example efforts Encouraging associates and their spouses to participate in pre-maternity leave seminars; internally communicating our parental support systems and example support for a work-life balance CSRMaterial Issue > Ratio of associates with disabilities: 2.57% (non- consolidated) 2.0 2.1 0 19 20 21 22 23 (FY) 2.2 2.3 (As of June 1 of each fiscal year) 2.6 2.5 2.4 (%) Ratio of associates with disabilities Legally mandated ratio Ratio of Associates with Disabilities (Non- Consolidated) and Legally Mandated Ratio n Supporting Work-Life Balance We have been carrying out activities so that associates who are balancing work and family can work with higher motivation and pursue career development. Such activities mainly focus on enhancing systems to support a work-life balance and facilitating an understanding for maintaining a work-life balance. As a result of these efforts, Toyota Industries received “Platinum Kurumin” certification and won a “Family-Friendly Company” award. n Working with Colleagues from Different Countries We have been undertaking business outside Japan for many years and now have 236 overseas bases, of which more than 200 companies are led by a local president. In addition, some 50,000 associates are engaging in business activities outside Japan, accounting for about 70% of all associates of the Toyota Industries Group. n Efforts for Mid-Career Recruitment We have been reinforcing mid-career recruitment to incorporate external knowledge. In fiscal 2024, we plan to increase the ratio of mid-career associates in office work and engineering positions to 30% of all main career track associates (20% in fiscal 2023). Mid-career associates are assigned to their desired business divisions or job categories and after finishing induction training, take active roles in each workplace. Enhancing systems to support a work- life balance Establishing in-house daycare center; shorter work-hour system for childcare; leave system and loan system for fertility treatment; return-to-work system to reinstate associates who have left work to provide child or family care or to accompany their spouse for a job transfer, etc. Facilitating an understanding of maintaining a work- life balance Distributing the Handbook for Balancing Work with Nursing Care; distributing the Handbook for Balancing Work with Family Care; seminars on balancing work with nursing care; providing newsletters on nursing care, others Safety Vision Each and every associate in the Toyota Industries Group, guided by the spirit of our corporate creed, aims to create a corporate culture that places a top priority on maintaining safety in all areas and focuses on mutual courtesy and safety as well as realizing workplaces where associates work each day with a sense of happiness and pride. Toyota Industries Report 2023 52 53

[TABLE] Enhancing systems
to support a work-
life balance | Establishing in-house daycare center; shorter work-hour
system for childcare; leave system and loan system for
fertility treatment; return-to-work system to reinstate
associates who have left work to provide child or family
care or to accompany their spouse for a job transfer, etc.
[TABLE] Facilitating an
understanding of
maintaining a work-
life balance | Distributing the Handbook for Balancing Work with
Nursing Care; distributing the Handbook for Balancing
Work with Family Care; seminars on balancing work
with nursing care; providing newsletters on nursing
care, others
[TABLE] Target 1 | Ratio of female managers: Double the ratio to 2.4% in fiscal 2025
and triple it to 3.6% in fiscal 2031 compared with fiscal 2015 whe
the target was defined
[TABLE] Result | 1.7%, or 1.4 times the fiscal 2015 level (as of March 31, 2023)
[TABLE] Example
efforts | Awareness-raising seminars for managers; training for career
development for female associates; formulating and implementing
individual development plans; role model exchange meetings;
pre-maternity leave seminars; installing delivery lockers in-house
[TABLE] Target 2 | Ratio of female graduate recruits: 40% in office work positions an
10% in engineering positions
[TABLE] Result | 57% in office work positions and 8% in engineering positions
(among new hires in April 2023)
[TABLE] Example
efforts | Recruitment events for female students; participating in initiatives
the Toyota Female Engineer Development Foundation
[TABLE] Target 3 | Ratio of male associates taking parental leave: 30% in fiscal 2026
[TABLE] Result | 32.5% (fiscal 2023)
[TABLE] Example
efforts | Encouraging associates and their spouses to participate in
pre-maternity leave seminars; internally communicating our paren
support systems and example support for a work-life balance
[TABLE] Plant Safety and H
(Chaired by the respon
officer, etc.) (Hel | ealth Committees
sible senior executive
d once a month)

[PAGE 29]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Mental Health Support As part of mental health support activities, we have in place a system to offer early consultation through a health-related hotline. Other activities include upgrading our self-care/ line-care education to prevent new cases of mental health problems and operating a return-to-work support program for persons on long-term leave for the prevention of relapses. We have successfully achieved positive results through these activities. As for activities for early detection, we put particular emphasis on line care by associates’ immediate supervisors. We have been encouraging them to use check sheets to recognize the sign of a problem with their subordinates early and confirm its implementation status through interviews and questionnaire surveys. The results revealed that, coupled with an effort to strengthen the collaboration between each workplace and the departments responsible for health promotion, these activities have resulted in an increase in cases where a problem is detected early and still in the mild stage. Additionally, we have been conducting an annual stress check on all associates since fiscal 2017. We feed back the check results to all participants and workplaces with suggestions for improvement while setting up an individual interview with a doctor for those wishing to do so, including making an individual recommendation to associates found to have a high level of stress through the internal check, and providing improvement support as necessary to individual workplaces. encourage behavior change, along with the results of a KENKOChallenge 8 survey. As for the other approach covering the entire Company, we focus on conveying the meaning of the initiative and providing information on workplace programs to improve each of the eight lifestyle habit items through meetings of the Plant Safety and Health Committees. With a declining labor force and aging society, it is essential to maintain the physical fitness of associates. However, the score for “Exercise” was lower than other lifestyle habit items defined in the initiative. In response, we will promote various efforts and initiatives to encourage associates to exercise during a short break or after work. To prevent and ameliorate metabolic syndrome, we implemented a new weight reduction program that uses a body composition analyzer (BCA), in addition to providing the Milestone Health Class and health guidance to associates whose body mass index (BMI) is above 25.0. The program has led to reductions in the body-fat percentage and visceral fat level as well as behavior change among the participating associates. Some participants noted the use of a BCA makes it easier to see a difference (or a positive effect) as it visualizes their body shape. We plan to use a BCA in annual health checkups and health guidance to raise associates’ interest in changing themselves and provide better motivation for their behavior change. *5: Knowledge, willingness and ability to obtain, understand and utilize health-related information Prevention of Lifestyle Diseases As a collaborative initiative of Toyota Industries, its workers’ union and health insurance association, we conduct periodic age-based health education for all associates (every five years, from the age of 30) and offer a Milestone Health Class as part of this education. To provide motivation for better health, we feed back to associates the results of an annual health checkup along with advice to improve lifestyle habits. In fiscal 2020, we started providing such information as physical fitness propensity scores and countermeasures, how physically fit for work, assessment of physical fitness age and recommended exercises to increase motivation for promoting physical fitness. Since fiscal 2022, we have been promoting the “KENKO Challenge 8 (8 Challenges for a Healthier Lifestyle)” initiative to promote the cultivation of appropriate lifestyle habits in daily lives by defining eight lifestyle habits and giving each a score. In fiscal 2023, we took two approaches to instill the initiative among associates and increase their health literacy*5, the two pending issues from fiscal 2022. One approach targeted individuals, and we provided health-related information to Major Health Promotion Events in Fiscal 2023 Stop smoking awareness event Providing financial aid for various examinations (used by 958 associates) Held jointly with health insurance association twice a year in spring and fall (2,432 participants) World No Tobacco Day: One-day no smoking (May 31) No Smoking Days: Half-day no smoking (for 9 days) Walking events Early detection Individuals Objective Workplaces Mental health education Return-to-work support Stress check system Workplace Check Results Viewing System Interviews as part of health checks Internal and external health-related hotlines <Line care> Disseminating knowledge on skills to recognize problems Providing information on mental health Encouraging associates to be more aware of their health and offering advice on health improvement measures Understanding the causes of stress in the workplace and improving working environment Preventive measures Early detection/ early resolution Preventing relapses Improving Mental Health Support Systems *6: Temporarily suspended from March 2020 for prevention of COVID-19. In 2021, held only during the period from July to December. *7: Average score at which associates are practicing the eight health habits (1. Desirable weight, 2. Breakfast, 3. Snacks, 4. Sleep, 5. Exercise, 6. Alcohol consumption, 7. No smoking, 8. Stress level) (Scale of 1 to 8) *8: Assessed using the conversion table of raw scores of the Brief Job Stress Questionnaire (1: High stress; 3: National average; and 5: Low stress on a five-point scale) Activity indicator FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 Participants of age-based health education*6 — 1,140 persons 2,576 persons Average score of KENKOChallenge 8*7 5.51 5.54 5.58 Rate of undergoing a stress check 99% 99% 99% Overall assessment of the stress check results (National average: 3)*8 3.28 3.27 3.27 Major Activity Indicators Weight reduction program using a BCAMilestone Health Class Relationship with Our Stakeholders Relationship with Our Stakeholders Prevention of Accidents and Disorders through Safety and Health Education In order to cultivate knowledge, awareness and the skills necessary to prevent accidents and disorder, Toyota Industries proactively provides safety and health education, including education required by law to cultivate relevant knowledge and skills and to raise safety and health awareness, in addition to grade-based education and job-category-based education. Through these efforts, we are promoting the development of human resources and workplaces that places the highest priority on safety. Creating a Safe Workplace by Preventing Occurrence and Recurrence of Industrial Accidents Since the occurrence of a serious accident in 2019, we have been working to eliminate accidents related to powered machinery and constantly upgrading our physical and administrative measures. Specifically, we have incorporated into our new and existing equipment a mechanism that cuts off power whenever an operator accesses a machine with its safety device disabled. We have also rebuilt our equipment safety assurance system. The system includes a visualization of which parts of the equipment are shut down, the control category under which it is operating and safety feature checks by qualified equipment safety inspectors. Moreover, to make further efforts toward zero accidents, we believe that it is important to prevent accidents caused by the unsafe behavior of operators themselves, including taking a shortcut, omitting a step in a particular work process or showing disregard for safety. In fiscal 2023, as part of human-related measures, we started undertaking an initiative to quantitatively assess the tendencies of individuals, namely risk perception and risk-taking attitude*4. We will keep carrying out this initiative to prevent accidents caused by human factors. We will continue to work toward the development of safe workplaces and safety-oriented human resources based on an approach to always shut down a machine when something is wrong and take fundamental measures to remove the root cause. *4: Risk perception: An ability to recognize a risk as a risk Risk-taking attitude: Tendency to intentionally accept a risk and act accordingly even when one perceives the risk Purpose Major Initiatives Acquire qualifications (cultivate personal skills) Licenses; skills seminars; special education; repeated education for capability improvement Raise safety and health awareness Education to improve ability to predict hazards; education to actually experience hazards (safety dojo) Prepare for roles associated with positions/grades Induction training; training for third-year production associates; training for newly promoted senior experts and chief experts; training for newly promoted experts; safety manager education Prepare for job categories and business characteristics Education on emergency measures; education on equipment lockout; education for equipment safety inspectors; hands-on safety education using virtual reality (VR) Frequency Rate of Lost Workday Injuries (Non-Consolidated) Source: Survey on Industrial Accidents, Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare 0.00 19 20 21 22 23 0.40 0.80 Manufacturing industry Toyota Industries 1.20 1.60 Manufacturers of transportation machinery and equipment Good (FY) n Health Basic Perspective As a task for the medium term, we are promoting health improvement of associates, mainly focusing on the prevention of lifestyle diseases and mental health support activities, to counter risks of health problems associated with aging and greater stress. To enable associates to work and take active roles over the long term, we provide support toward the cultivation of an autonomous health-oriented culture in which associates care about their own health and take action voluntarily and willingly. Response to COVID-19 In fiscal 2023, we again provided workplace vaccinations to all willing associates at Toyota Industries facilities. As another response, we updated our Infectious Disease Response Manual as necessary in accordance with the infection alert level announced by Japan’s national and local governments, communicated the revisions thoroughly within Toyota Industries and dealt with the changing situations appropriately. Based on the experience, we have formulated the Infectious Disease Basic Business Continuity Plan, which compiles our responses to all risks anticipated upon the outbreak of a new variant of COVID-19 or an unknown infectious disease. Toyota Industries Report 2023 54 55

[TABLE] Purpose | Major Initiatives
[TABLE] Stop smoking World No Tobacco Day: One-day no smoking (May 31)
awareness event No Smoking Days: Half-day no smoking (for 9 days)
[TABLE] Held jointly with health insurance association twice a year in
Walking events
spring and fall (2,432 participants)
[TABLE] Providing financial aid for various examinations
Early detection
(used by 958 associates)
[TABLE] Objective | Individuals | Workplaces
[TABLE] evitneverP serusaem | Mental he htlaeh
Stress ch
latn
Encouraging associates
[TABLE] Encouraging associates
[TABLE] /noitceted noituloser
ylraE ylrae | em
no
noitamro | to be more aware of their
health and offering
advice on health
improvement measures | Understanding the causes
of stress in the workplace
and improving working
environment
[TABLE] Internal a
health-rel | nd external
ated hotlines
[TABLE] Interviews as part of | <Lin
Disse | e care>
minating | Workplace Check
[TABLE] gnitneverP sespaler | health checks | knowledg
recogniz | e on skills to
e problems | Results Viewing System
[TABLE] Activity indicator | FY2021 | FY2022 | FY2023
[TABLE] Participants of age-based health education*6 | — | 1,140 persons
[TABLE] Average score of KENKO Challenge 8*7 | 5.51 | 5.54
[TABLE] Rate of undergoing a stress check | 99% | 99%
[TABLE] Overall assessment of the stress check
results (National average: 3)*8 | 3.28 | 3.27

[PAGE 30]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Dialogue with Local Communities We hold local community meetings for the purpose of sharing and resolving various issues in each community. These meetings are attended by local community representatives and responsible persons of Toyota Industries in the general administration, environment and other relevant departments. Depending on the theme of the meeting, representatives from the local government also join. Participants exchange opinions not only on our business activities and associated environmental risks but also on local events and activities for crime/disaster prevention and traffic safety. Enlightenment Activities We promote a range of activities for employees of Toyota Industries and its Group companies to increase their interest in social issues and cultivate a mindset to always think about what they can do to address these issues. Such activities include donating one item per one person to help welfare facilities to hold a charity bazaar; social welfare and environmental protection activities of employee associations*9; providing information on volunteer activities via the intranet; and presenting examples of social contribution activities of Group companies across the world. In this way, we provide various opportunities and venues to participate in social contribution activities. *9: Voluntary organizations formed by employees at each job level Toyota Industries and its global Group companies are undertaking cleanup activities as part of our environmental protection programs. In May 2022, Toyota Industries conducted Shokki Smile Plogging*10, a fun, smile-filled cleanup event for colleagues and their families. The event was attended by 409 employees and their families, and they spent a day cleaning up their community as well as their minds. Around the world, 34 Toyota Industries Group companies in 11 countries carried out their respective activities with a total of 7,913 participants mainly on Earth Day and World Cleanup Day. *10: A coined word that combines “plocka up (trash picking in Swedish)” and “jogging,” plogging is a fitness activity started in Sweden in 2016. *11: Toyota Material Handling Romania s.r.l Theme Activities Social welfare Events to interact with persons with disabilities (Japan) “Welfare Festival,” farming experience, Walk Rally (orienteering) and other events Donating and leasing free of charge materials handling equipment (worldwide) Christmas donations (worldwide) Paralym Art® illustrations on the cover of internal newsletters (Japan) P. 57 Youth development Providing monozukuri workshops (Japan) Holding plant tours and work experience events (worldwide) Holding mini concerts at elementary schools (Japan) Job introduction event for students (Germany) P. 57 Environmental protection Providing environmental education program for elementary school students (Japan) Donating benches that made effective use of thinned wood (Japan) Tree-planting activities to curb global warming (worldwide) Cleanup activities (worldwide) P. 57 Theme Activities Community contribution Participation in traditional events (Japan, India) Volunteer activities to give back to local communities (Japan, U.S.A.) Repair of welfare facilities, tree pruning, park maintenance, etc. Cooperating in disaster prevention and fire-fighting activities (Japan, U.S.A., Germany) Community support for a better living environment (India) P. 57 Other Holding charity concert (Japan) Disaster relief and humanitarian support (worldwide) Blood donation drives (worldwide) Major Social Contribution Activities of Toyota Industries and Group Companies Activity Examples of Toyota Industries Group Social welfare Youth development Community contribution Environmental protection Japan Paralym Art® Illustrations on the Cover of Internal Newsletters Germany Job Introduction Event for Students TDDeutsche Klimakompressor GmbH (TDDK) India Community Support for a Better Living Environment Toyota Material Handling India Pvt. Ltd. (TMHIndia) Worldwide Cleanup Activities Since April 2021, we have been using illustrations by artists with disabilities on the cover of our monthly internal newsletters in support of the Paralym Art® initiative promoted by the Shougaisha Jiritsu Suishin Kikou Association. The initiative aims to promote the social engagement and financial independence of persons with disabilities through their artwork. Each month, we ask a different artist to draw an illustration of our products or people working in various departments. This has facilitated an understanding of our products and helped us cultivate a corporate culture that accepts diversity. TDDK, which manufactures car air-conditioning compressors, invited female students from nearby schools to its event to introduce jobs mainly in male-dominated fields, such as science, technology, engineering and mathematics. After a plant tour, they received a briefing on jobs related to metal processing and electronic devices and experienced tasks under the guidance of female employees serving as role models. TDDK holds a job introduction event about 10 times a year for students and kindergartners to present their career options in the future. TDDK has also created an Instagram account to showcase a variety of careers and professions. Every year, TMHIndia, which engages in the sales and servicing of materials handling equipment, provides support to nearby schools, welfare facilities and other organizations according to their needs. In fiscal 2023, TMHIndia provided support amounting to some ¥7.8 million to 10 organizations. 28,500 persons from 100 companies ¥914,398,000*12 Grand total 12,553 persons from 69 companies Total for companies outside Japan Activity expenses: ¥263,955,000 6,546 persons from 1 company Total for Toyota Industries Corporation Activity expenses: ¥603,073,000 9,401 persons from 30 companies Total for companies in Japan Activity expenses: ¥47,370,000 n Status of Social Contribution Activities in Fiscal 2023 Internal newsletters using Paralym Art® illustrations Female students participating in a job experience workshop Children using donated desks and chairs Joining the World Cleanup Day (TMHRO*11) Shokki Smile Plogging Pruning and weeding by an employee association Local community meeting Major support provided: Installing new toilets and water dispensers equipped with water purifiers for better water and hygiene control; installing solar power generation systems; donating school desks and chairs Relationship with Our Stakeholders Relationship with Our Stakeholders Relationship with Our Local Communities To contribute to the harmonious and sustainable development of the earth and society, we actively undertake social contribution activities while respecting the culture, traditions and history of each country. Basic Perspective Based on the Sustainability Policy and as a global company, Toyota Industries seeks to contribute broadly to society through all its corporate activities conducted in each country and region. Simultaneously, we aim to realize a sustainable society and the growth of local communities with an emphasis on the areas of social welfare, youth development, environmental protection and community contribution. While providing cooperation and support through personnel, facilities, funds and know-how, we undertake initiatives to promote employees’ participation in social contribution activities. n Implementation Structure We have established the Social Contribution Group within the General Administration Department in the Head Office. Each plant and Group company of Toyota Industries around the world collaborates with each other and promotes social contribution activities matched to the local characteristics and needs while cooperating with NPOs and interacting with local community members. CSRMaterial Issue *12: On a consolidated basis including Toyota Industries Corporation and its major subsidiaries as of February 28, 2023 Toyota Industries Report 2023 56 57

[TABLE] Japan Paralym Art® Illustrations on the Cover of Internal Newsletters | Social welfare
[TABLE] Germany Job Introduction Event for Students TD Deutsche Klimakompressor GmbH (TDDK) | Youth development
[TABLE] Worldwide Cleanup Activities | Environmental protection
[TABLE] India Community Support for a Better Living Environment Toyota Material Handling India Pvt. Ltd. (TMH India) | Community contribution
[TABLE] Theme | Activities | Theme | Activities
[TABLE] Social
welfare | Events to interact with persons with disabilities (Japan)
“Welfare Festival,” farming experience, Walk Rally
(orienteering) and other events
Donating and leasing free of charge materials handling
equipment (worldwide)
Christmas donations (worldwide)
Paralym Art® illustrations on the cover of internal
newsletters (Japan) P. 57 | Community
contribution | Participation in traditional events (Japan, India)
Volunteer activities to give back to local communities (Japan,
U.S.A.)
Repair of welfare facilities, tree pruning, park maintenance, etc.
Cooperating in disaster prevention and fire-fighting activities
(Japan, U.S.A., Germany)
Community support for a better living environment
(India) P. 57
[TABLE] Youth
development | Providing monozukuri workshops (Japan)
Holding plant tours and work experience events (worldwide)
Holding mini concerts at elementary schools (Japan)
Job introduction event for students (Germany) P. 57 | Other | Holding charity concert (Japan)
Disaster relief and humanitarian support (worldwide)
Blood donation drives (worldwide)
[TABLE] Environmental
protection | Providing environmental education program for elementary
school students (Japan)
Donating benches that made effective use of thinned wood
(Japan)
Tree-planting activities to curb global warming (worldwide)
Cleanup activities (worldwide) P. 57
[TABLE] Total for companies outside Japan
[TABLE] 12,553 persons from 69 companies
[TABLE] Activity expenses: ¥263,955,000
[TABLE] Total for Toyota Industries Corporation
[TABLE] 6,546 persons from 1 company
[TABLE] Activity expenses: ¥603,073,000
[TABLE] Grand total
[TABLE] 28,500 persons from 100 companies
[TABLE] ¥914,398,000*12
[TABLE] Total for companies in Japan
[TABLE] 9,401 persons from 30 companies
[TABLE] Activity expenses: ¥47,370,000

[PAGE 31]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information composed of directors at the executive vice president level and above as well as relevant senior executive officers and other executives, prior to deliberation by the Board of Directors. At meetings of the Management Council, directors, audit & supervisory board members and senior executive officers convene to report and confirm the monthly status of business operations and share overall deliberations at Board of Directors meetings and other management-related information. In addition, issues pertaining to human resources, quality, production, procurement and technologies are discussed at the corresponding functional meetings. We have also put in place committees to deliberate on more specific matters, such as corporate social responsibility (CSR), the environment and export transaction controls. These functional meetings and committees discuss important matters and action themes in respective areas. Moreover, we strive to maintain and improve internal controls by establishing the Audit Department and conducting internal audits of Toyota Industries’ business divisions and departments as well as our subsidiaries. (As of June 9, 2023) Senior Executive Officers Business Divisions/In-House Company/Departments Subsidiaries/Affiliates Selection/Dismissal Selection/Dismissal Selection/Dismissal Selection/Dismissal Reporting Reporting Cooperation Cooperation Cooperation Monitoring Reporting Accounting Audit Exchange of Opinions Appointment/ Monitoring Discussion/ Reporting Monitoring Shareholders’ Meetings Accounting Auditor Audit & Supervisory Board Audit Dept. President Board of Directors Audit & Supervisory Board Office Internal Audit Direction/ Supervision Reporting *1: Functional Meetings Human Resources Quality Production Procurement Technologies CSREnvironmental Export Transaction Controls Safety and Health Profit Improvement These entities deliberate and follow up on issues in respective areas. *2: Committees Executive Compensation Committee Executive Appointment Committee Management Committee (Deliberates on important matters from management’s perspective) Functional Meetings*1, Committees*2 Management Council (Follows up on the execution of business operations) Link to the report 1971 Introduced a divisional organization system 2006 Reduced the number of directors (from 30 to 17) 2006 Introduced a managing officer system 2010 Appointed independent members of management 2016 Reduced the number of directors (from 17 to 11) 2017 Conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors 2019 Revised executive management structure and reduced the number and rank of executives 2022 Revised the composition of the Board of Directors (independent outside directors accounting for a third or more of the total number of members) Initiatives for Enhancing Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Structure Toyota Industries strives to enhance its corporate value in a stable manner over the long term and maintains society’s trust by earnestly fulfilling its social responsibilities in accordance with its Basic Philosophy. To that end, Toyota Industries endeavors to further enhance its corporate governance in its efforts to maintain and improve management efficiency and the fairness and transparency of its corporate activities. Basic Perspective on Corporate Governance Toyota Industries regards the most important managerial task is to earn trust broadly from society and enhance our corporate value on a stable, long-term basis. We aim to do this task based on our Basic Philosophy and by earnestly fulfilling our social responsibilities. Our basic focus is on contributing to the creation of an enriched society through business activities, and we believe it is essential to cultivate good relationships with stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, business partners, creditors, local communities and employees. Accordingly, we strive to enhance our corporate governance in order to maintain and improve management efficiency, fairness and transparency. For example, we have established a structure to quickly and flexibly respond to changes in the business environment and have been working to augment management oversight and ensure the timely disclosure of information. More specifically, the following basic policies drive our initiatives. (1) We seek to ensure shareholders’ rights and equality. (2) We seek to promote appropriate collaboration with stakeholders other than shareholders (including customers, business partners, creditors, local communities and employees). (3) We seek to conduct appropriate information disclosure and ensure transparency. (4) We seek to perform the roles and duties of the Board of Directors appropriately in order to make decisions in a transparent, fair, quick and resolute manner. (5) We seek to promote a constructive dialogue with shareholders. Implementation Structure Toyota Industries convenes monthly meetings of the Board of Directors to resolve important management matters and monitor the execution of duties by directors. We appoint outside directors who have a wealth of experience and knowledge such as business management. They attend meetings of the Board of Directors and give opinions and ask questions as deemed necessary based on their individual, wide-ranging experience and insights related to the management of globally operating companies and monozukuri (manufacturing). Through this supervisory function of outside directors, we ensure the legality and validity of the Board’s decisions as well as the directors’ execution of duties from an objective perspective. Moreover, a variety of issues concerning important management matters, such as our corporate vision, management policies, medium-term business strategies and major investments, as well as crucial projects in each business division, are discussed by the Management Committee, which is Selection and Dismissal of Senior Management and Appointment of Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Candidates n Policies and Procedures for Selection (and Dismissal) of Senior Management and Appointment of Director Candidates We carry out comprehensive evaluations from the viewpoint of placing the right persons in the right positions. We seek a balance among making sound and quick decisions, managing risk appropriately, monitoring execution of business operations and covering a specific function or business division of Toyota Industries. In appointing audit & supervisory board member candidates, we also perform comprehensive evaluations from the viewpoint of placing the right persons in the right positions, while ensuring a balance among the financial, accounting and legal insights, knowledge on our business fields and the diversity of perspectives on corporate management. Based on these policies, we review proposals, exchange views and confirm details at the three-member Executive Appointment Committee, which consists of Toyota Industries’ president and two independent outside directors, and submit these proposals to the Board of Directors for resolution. n Experience and Expertise of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members CEO or equivalent position of business enterprise Knowledge of industries Technology development, manufacturing IT and digital technologies Finance and accounting Legal affairs and risk management ESGInternationality Materials handling equipment Automobile Textile machinery Members of the Board Tetsuro Toyoda ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Akira Onishi ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Koichi Ito ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Shuzo Sumi ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Junichi Handa ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Kazunari Kumakura ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Audit & supervisory board members Toru Inagawa ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Toru Watanabe ○ ○ ○ ○ Akihisa Mizuno ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Masanao Tomozoe ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Appointment of Independent Members of Management As a publicly listed company, Toyota Industries strives to ensure the fairness and transparency of management. Following the Securities Listing Regulations stipulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange and Nagoya Stock Exchange, respectively, to further enhance our corporate governance, Toyota Industries has appointed as independent members of management two outside directors and two outside audit & supervisory board members who are deemed to have no conflicts of interest with our shareholders. Toyota Industries’ Corporate Governance Reports are available on its Website (in Japanese). Toyota Industries Report 2023 58 59

[TABLE] CEO or
equivalent
position of
business
enterprise | Knowledge of industries | Technology
development,
manufacturing | IT and digital
technologies | Finance and
accounting | Legal affairs
and risk
management | ESG | Internationality
[TABLE] Materials
handling
equipment | Automobile | Textile
machinery
[TABLE] Members of
the Board | Tetsuro Toyoda | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Akira Onishi | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Koichi Ito | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Shuzo Sumi | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Junichi Handa | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Kazunari Kumakura | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Audit &
supervisory
board
members | Toru Inagawa | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Toru Watanabe | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Akihisa Mizuno | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Masanao Tomozoe | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Accounting Auditor
[TABLE] Board of Directors
[TABLE] Procurement
[TABLE] Technologies
[TABLE] Safety and He
[TABLE] Profit Improve

[PAGE 32]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Effectiveness of the Board of Directors and Its Evaluation Through interviews with outside directors and audit & supervisory board members, Toyota Industries asks them to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and collects their feedback. The following summarizes the results of their evaluation. n Evaluation 1) The Board is operated efficiently with a clear focus depending on the agenda and spends sufficient time to enable focused discussion on important business issues. 2) The Board members include outside directors with extensive experience, and the Board proactively asks them to provide opinions on each item on the agenda for lively and constructive discussion. 3) Appropriate decision-making and management oversight are ensured by reporting and deliberating on important matters several times to make sure that these matters are thoroughly discussed prior to the resolution. n Suggestions for Further Improvement of the Effectiveness 1) Amid the changing business environment, the Board’s agenda should pay greater attention to matters matched to the demands of the times, such as those related to management focused on environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors. 2) The Board should continue to deepen the discussion on the status of both Group-wide and respective business operations, including direction over the medium to long term. As shown above, Toyota Industries’ Board of Directors has been evaluated as effective. In response to certain feedback calling for further improvement, we will undertake improvement efforts on a continuous basis. Determination of Compensation for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members n Matters Related to Policy for Determining Individual Compensation for Directors n Basic Perspective • We ensure fairness and transparency. • We emphasize incentives for achieving better business performance and sustainable growth, link compensation with the business performance of Toyota Industries and reflect individual duties and performance. n Compensation Structure • Compensation for directors consists of fixed compensation (basic compensation) and bonuses (compensation linked to business performance). A bonus is further divided into a portion linked to a single fiscal year indicator and a portion linked to medium-term indicators. • However, because outside directors are independent of the execution of business operations, only the fixed compensation is paid to outside directors. n Method of Determining Individual Compensation • We have established the Executive Compensation Committee comprising three members, namely Toyota Industries’ president and two independent outside directors. • To ensure the Committee’s objectivity and transparency, we have a rule that independent outside directors make up a half or more of the total number of its members. • The Executive Compensation Committee deliberates on a policy for determining individual compensation for directors, proposed compensation for each director and important matters related to compensation. • The Board of Directors votes on the policy based on the results of deliberations made at the Executive Compensation Committee. • From the standpoint of determining directors’ individual compensation amounts flexibly and swiftly, the Board of Directors delegates the related decision-making authority to the president (or to the chairman). • The president (or the chairman) determines the directors’ individual compensation amounts based on the policy and the results of deliberations made at the Executive Compensation Committee. n Policy for Determining Fixed Compensation, Bonuses and Their Ratio [Fixed Compensation] • Fixed compensation for directors consists of monthly salaries, which are paid periodically while in service. • We determine a reasonable level of individual compensation amounts while giving consideration to other companies’ compensation levels as well as the rank and duties of each director. [Bonuses] • We pay a bonus at a certain time after the end of the General Shareholders’ Meeting in each fiscal year. • For the portion linked to a single fiscal year indicator, we use the consolidated operating profit as the indicator and calculate the amount of bonuses for each rank based on the amount of consolidated operating profit for the previous fiscal year. • For the portion linked to medium-term indicators, we evaluate such management indicators as operating profit ratio of the past three fiscal years and calculate the amount of bonuses for each rank based on the evaluation results. • We have selected the said indicators because we have determined that they appropriately align with the basic perspective of our policy for determining individual compensation for directors. • In determining the amount of bonuses, we give consideration to dividends, employees’ and other companies’ bonus levels, past records of bonus payments and execution of duties and assigned work. [Ratio] • As a guide, we use the ratio of fixed compensation to a bonus of directors (excluding outside directors) of 60:40, with the portion linked to medium-term indicators accounting for roughly 10% of the bonus. However, this does not preclude us from using another ratio depending on the amount of operating profit for the corresponding fiscal year. n Compensation for Audit & Supervisory Board Members Compensation for audit & supervisory board members only consists of fixed compensation, which is determined through discussion of audit & supervisory board members based on certain criteria determined by Toyota Industries. Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Breakdown of Executives’ Compensation (Excluding Outside Directors) Bonuses (compensation linked to business performance) About 40% Monthly salaries (fixed compensation) About 60% Compensation for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members Executive category Total compensation (¥ million) No. of applicable executives Monthly salaries (fixed compensation) Bonuses (Compensation linked to business performance) Director (Of which, outside director) 308 (45) 243 (45) 65 (—) 9 (4) Audit & supervisory board member (Of which, outside audit & supervisory board member) 91 (27) 91 (27) — (—) 4 (2) Total 400 334 65 13 Notes: 1. The figures include three directors (of whom one outside director) who resigned at the conclusion of the 144th General Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 10, 2022. 2. Bonuses show the amounts approved by resolution of the Board of Directors meeting held on May 18, 2023. 3. At the 144th General Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 10, 2022, it was determined that the compensation for directors is to be changed from monthly to annual and the compensation is to be within ¥900 million per year (of which the amount of compensation for outside directors is to be no more than ¥150 million). 4. At the 132nd General Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 23, 2010, it was determined that the compensation for audit & supervisory board members is to be within ¥15 million per month. Meetings of the Board of Directors and Relevant Committees Meeting body No. of meetings held per year Average attendance rate Board of Directors 12 99% (Directors and audit & supervisory board members) Executive Compensation Committee 1 100% (All committee members) Executive Appointment Committee 1 100% (All committee members) Audit & Supervisory Board 13 100% (Audit & supervisory board members) Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Audit & Supervisory Board Toyota Industries has four audit & supervisory board members, two of whom are full-time members and two of whom are outside members. The four members attend meetings of the Board of Directors and provide their opinions as appropriate. The full-time members also attend other important meetings and receive reports on the execution of duties by directors and other responsible persons. They work to monitor and provide advice on the management status through on-site audits at the Head Office, major business sites and subsidiaries, thereby contributing to the maintenance and improvement of internal controls. They also collaborate appropriately with the accounting auditor and the internal audit department. Meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board are held every month to share information on audits conducted by full-time members with outside members, to receive reports on important business statuses from Board members and responsible persons, and to receive reports from the accounting auditor regarding how key audit matters have been examined and determined. At these meetings, the members also discuss and make decisions on important matters, such as audit policies and plans, the audit method used by the accounting auditor and the appropriateness of their audit results. Toyota Industries Report 2023 60 61

[TABLE] Meeting body | No. of
meetings held
per year | Average attendance rate
[TABLE] Board of Directors | 12
[TABLE] Executive Compensation
Committee | 1
[TABLE] Executive Appointment
Committee | 1
[TABLE] Audit & Supervisory
Board | 13
[TABLE] Bonuses
(compensation linked to About 40 %
business performance)
[TABLE] Monthly salaries 60
(fixed compensation) About %
[TABLE] Executive category | Total
compensation
(¥ million) | No. of
applicable
executives
[TABLE] Monthly
salaries
(fixed
compensation) | Bonuses
(Compensation
linked to business
performance)
[TABLE] Director
(Of which, outside
director) | 308
(45) | 243
(45) | 65
(—)
[TABLE] Audit & supervisory
board member
(Of which, outside
audit & supervisory
board member) | 91
(27) | 91
(27) | —
(—)
[TABLE] Total | 400 | 334 | 65

[PAGE 33]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information In accordance with the Companies Act, in May 2006 Toyota Industries’ Board of Directors adopted the Basic Policies for the Establishment of an Internal Control System (Basic Policies) to ensure compliance, risk management as well as the effectiveness and efficiency of business operations by incorporating these policies into each business segment’s annual policies and day-to-day routine management. The CSRCommittee, at its meeting held in March, assesses the progress made in implementing the Basic Policies in the year under review and determines actions for the coming year, including reviewing the implementation structure and enhancing day-to-day operational management. Furthermore, based on the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law (so-called Japanese Sarbanes-Oxley Act (J-SOX)), we have established and appropriately operated an internal control system to maintain the reliability of financial reporting. The system’s status and progress are reviewed by the Audit Department and audited by independent auditors. We determine which Toyota Industries Group companies fall within the scope of J-SOX based on the degree of impact on the reliability of financial reporting. We determined that our internal controls over financial reporting as of the end of fiscal 2023 were effective, and accordingly, submitted an Internal Control Report in June 2023. The report was reviewed by independent auditors and judged fair in their Internal Control Audit Report. Annual financial report Internal Control Report Internal Control Audit Report Improvement of internal controls Detection of deficiencies Review of internal controls by Audit Department Internal control activities undertaken by each department and consolidated subsidiary (Establishment and operation of internal controls) Audit on internal controls by independent auditors Internal Control Assessment System (Based on J-SOX) Link to Sustainability Policy Link to the policy Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Cross-Shareholdings Basic Policy Cooperative relationships with various companies are essential in expanding business and achieving sustainable growth. From the medium- to long-term perspective of enhancing corporate value, our policy is to determine if cross- shareholdings are needed by comprehensively giving consideration to their importance in terms of our business strategies and relationships with business partners. Exercise of Voting Rights While respecting the management policies of individual investee companies, we determine how we exercise our voting rights by checking each item on the agenda from the perspectives of medium- to long-term enhancement of corporate value, policy concerning shareholder returns, corporate governance and social responsibility. Verifying Appropriateness of Cross-Shareholdings Each year, the Board of Directors verifies if the purpose of cross-shareholdings is appropriate and if associated benefits and risks are commensurate with capital cost. More specifically, we conduct verification by using both quantitative information, which is based on a comparison of total shareholder return and weighted average capital cost as well as the return on equity (ROE) of each investee company, and qualitative information, such as the transaction status and the outlook of future business relationships. In fiscal 2023, we held shares in 35 listed companies, a decline from 46 in fiscal 2011. Internal Control System Based upon our belief that the realization of the Toyoda Precepts (corporate creed) and Basic Philosophy makes a contribution to a sustainable society, Toyota Industries has established the CSRCommittee (chairperson: president) to determine the directions for Group-wide activities in accordance with the Toyota Industries Group Sustainability Policy, approve action plans and evaluate the results. The CSRCommittee deliberates and makes decisions on the Group-wide issues concerning sustainability and risk, including the CSR material issues (CSRMateriality). Sustainability Implementation Structure These issues are also, as deemed necessary, reported to and deliberated on by the Board of Directors. Each division and Group company incorporates these decisions into their specific activities and carries them out. CSRCommittee Frequency Generally twice a year Chairperson President Members Executive Vice President, full-time audit & supervisory board members, general managers of each business division and related senior executive officers/executive officers Office Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management Office Main Agenda • Determining the direction of initiatives under the Toyota Industries Group Sustainability Policy; approving action plans; evaluating results • CSR materiality; determining and reviewing action policies and targets • Risk management for the Group Respect for Human Rights Basic Concept Since its founding, Toyota Industries has endeavored to make the earth a better place to live and enrich society based on the Toyoda Precepts (corporate creed). We recognize that in order for us to continuously contribute to the harmonious and sustainable development of the earth and society, it is essential not only to ensure legal compliance but also respect the human rights of all people involved in our corporate activities. Under this recognition, we have been promoting our initiatives to respect human rights in accordance with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Formulation of the Human Rights Policy Toyota Industries has formulated the Toyota Industries Group Human Rights Policy (“Human Rights Policy”) under the belief that we should step up our ongoing human rights initiatives. While giving consideration to the opinions and information provided by external experts and other parties, the Human Rights Policy was formulated after discussions and approval by the CSRCommittee led by the president. It is positioned as the highest-level policy related to human rights within the Toyota Industries Group. Implementation Structure Toyota Industries recognizes that the Group’s corporate activities, from research and development to procurement and provision of products and services, may directly or indirectly impact human rights. To respond to various human rights issues, we have established the Human Rights Task Team, which is led by the Human Resources Department and consists of the relevant departments, including the Corporate Planning, Purchasing and Legal departments. In accordance with the Human Rights Policy, the team engages in various activities, such as sharing each department’s initiatives and the latest social trends related to human rights and creating action plans. Toyota Industries Report 2023 62 63

[TABLE] Frequency
[TABLE] Chairperson
[TABLE] Members
[TABLE] Office
[TABLE] Main Agenda
[TABLE] Internal Control
Report
[TABLE] Internal Control
Audit Report

[PAGE 34]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Dialogue with Stakeholders Toyota Industries promotes dialogue with various internal and external stakeholders and works with its top management and the relevant departments to reflect such dialogue in its future corporate activities. Link to the policies Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Human Rights Due Diligence We conduct human rights due diligence to specify, prevent and mitigate negative impacts on human rights caused by the Toyota Industries Group’s corporate activities. The Human Rights Task Team has evaluated human rights issues relevant to the corporate activities of the Toyota Industries Group, which were identified based on the handbooks of Japan’s Ministry of Justice and the Japan Federation of Economic Organizations (Keidanren) as well as checking items defined by external rating agencies. Consequently, we have specified two priority human rights issues, namely immigrant labor and raw material procurement, and have been undertaking related activities. Efforts for Correction and Remediation Toyota Industries operates a compliance hotline (external helpline) that allows employees of Toyota Industries Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan to seek advice on compliance-related matters, including human rights, with a sense of security and without being exposed to negative consequences. Education and Awareness-Raising Activities To remain a company committed to respecting the human rights of all people involved in our corporate activities, the relevant departments of Toyota Industries participate in lectures hosted by the government and human rights organizations and joint study sessions with other Toyota Group companies. We also hold training sessions for consolidated subsidiaries, in which their top management participates. Our education and awareness-raising activities target executives and all employees and aim to cultivate a correct knowledge of human rights and encourage them to put the idea into practice. Along with providing induction training for new employees, grade-based training and other conventional programs, we have been making proactive efforts even during the COVID-19 pandemic, such as designating a particular week as “Human Rights Week” and utilizing e-learning programs. n Initiative on Immigrant Labor (Forced Labor of Non-Japanese Workers) Amid the growing attention to protecting and respecting the human rights of non-Japanese workers, Toyota Industries regards forced labor of non-Japanese trainees working under Japan’s Technical Intern Training Program as one of its priority human rights issues. External experts have pointed out that there is possibly a risk of forced labor when accepting trainees from overseas through local brokers, as these brokers may charge exorbitant placement fees to trainees, who end up coming to Japan with a huge debt. Toyota Industries conducted a survey to check trainee enrollment and appropriate operation of the program at its consolidated subsidiaries and major suppliers in Japan and found that, as of December 31, 2022, 216 companies have accepted trainees under the program. The largest number of trainees was from Vietnam, accounting for 40% of all trainees. At our consolidated subsidiaries, we have further surveyed the fees charged to these Vietnamese trainees. As a result, we have confirmed that no trainees have been charged fees in excess of the upper limit specified in Vietnam’s domestic law. We have also set up a consultation hotline for non-Japanese trainees working under the program by utilizing the Japan Platform for Migrant Workers towards Responsible and Inclusive Society. Our efforts in the future will be geared toward reviewing fee charging, which, if done inappropriately, could lead to forced labor of non-Japanese trainees. n Initiative on Raw Material Procurement (Minerals) As another initiative to respect human rights, Toyota Industries has formulated the Policies and Approaches to Responsible Mineral Sourcing. Under the policies, we have been conducting procurement activities excluding minerals that may involve human rights abuses, such as funding armed groups, child labor, forced labor and working under poor conditions. More specifically, such minerals include conflict minerals (tantalum, tungsten, tin and gold) that may fuel human rights abuses by armed groups and armed conflicts in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and adjoining countries as well as cobalt and other minerals that routinely involve child labor. Under this recognition, we conduct an annual survey on these minerals within Toyota Industries and at applicable suppliers and confirm that there are no human rights issues in this area. We will continue to work toward ensuring the appropriate procurement of raw materials. > Rate of performing an annual survey on conflict minerals at applicable suppliers (non-consolidated): 100% Policies and Approaches to Responsible Mineral Sourcing Toyota Industries Corporation and its subsidiaries promote the acquisition of materials with full deliberation and care to avoid the procurement or usage of materials which are unlawful or which are obtained through unethical or otherwise unacceptable means. We recognize that the situation surrounding conflict minerals originating in Covered Countries is a significant social issue in supply chains. We pursue procurement and usage that are free from conflict minerals originating in Covered Countries and relating to illegal conduct including human rights infringement. We also recognize that human rights abuses such as child labor in the procurement of cobalt, etc., are a serious social problem, and we pursue procurement activities that do not include minerals that are suspected of being involved in such abuses. To achieve such procurement and usage, we conduct inquiries tracing back through our supply chains and confirm if such minerals are used. In addition, we take appropriate steps to discontinue procurement of materials that can cause social problems such as human rights violations or financing of armed groups, if such usage is detected. Based on mutually beneficial relationships, we ask our suppliers to understand our policies and approaches and to conduct responsible material procurement. Policies and Approaches to Responsible Mineral Sourcing Training to Raise Human Rights Awareness Target Description Aim Top management & managers of affiliated companies External human rights awareness training Cultivate knowledge of and sensitivity to human rights as a manager; gain skills to support awareness-raising activities Training for managers Newly promoted managers Training for newly promoted managers Cultivate knowledge of and sensitivity to human rights as a leader Newly promoted team leaders Training for newly promoted team leaders All employees External human rights awareness training Raise awareness of human rights External Human Rights College series of seminars (only for those nominated) Delivery of a special message during Human Rights Week Newly joined employees Induction training for newly joined employees Gain knowledge of human rights Communication Channels Employees...............Labor-management round table meetings, annual labor-management meetings, hotline Shareholders and investors.........Toyota Industries Reports, Toyota Industries’ official website, ESG dialogue Business partners.....Procurement policy meetings, hotline Local community......Inviting residents to Toyota Industries’ events, participating in local events, local community meeting Toyota Industries Report 2023 64 65

[TABLE] Target | Description | Aim
[TABLE] Top management &
managers of affiliated companies | External human rights awareness training
[TABLE] Training for managers
[TABLE] Newly promoted managers | Training for newly promoted managers
[TABLE] Newly promoted team leaders | Training for newly promoted team leaders
[TABLE] All employees | External human rights awareness training
[TABLE] External Human Rights College series of seminars
(only for those nominated)
[TABLE] Delivery of a special message during
Human Rights Week
[TABLE] Newly joined employees | Induction training for newly joined employees

[PAGE 35]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information In fiscal 2022, Toyota Industries formulated the Sustainability Policy and Human Rights Policy to further promote corporate activities whose values are aligned with those of society. In April 2023, we revised the Toyota Industries Corporation Employee Code of Conduct for the first time since 2014 to implement these policies. The purpose of the revisions was to update the content based on the roles expected of Toyota Industries and turn the Code into an action guideline for every employee amid the growing call for responding to various issues, including those related to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). We have been making efforts to educate and inform employees about the Code, such as holding Company-wide meetings and distributing enlightenment cards, so that they can practice the Code to fulfill their social responsibilities and contribute to the realization of a sustainable society. Formulating the Employee Code of Conduct and Fully Educating and Instilling the Code Toyota Industries has formulated and distributed to executives and all employees the Toyota Industries Corporation Employee Code of Conduct, which serves as conduct guidelines that should be observed by employees. It covers such topics as compliance (prevention of bribery, corruption and profit sharing, conformance to antitrust laws and others), respect for human rights, safety and health as well as environmental conservation. Accordingly, we have been working to instill the Code through group training and other means. Consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan have formulated their own Code of Conduct appropriate to their respective business lines and corporate cultures and have been implementing Company-wide awareness-raising and educational activities once a year. In April 2023, we held a meeting to raise compliance awareness and communicate both the revisions to the Code as described in the TOPIC section below and our efforts to prevent the recurrence of the regulatory violation related to Japan’s emissions certification for lift truck engines. In addition, we have created and disseminated e-learning materials on 48 topics and compliance mini quizzes on 48 topics (as of March 2023) in order to cultivate a deeper understanding of compliance among employees of Toyota Industries and our consolidated subsidiaries in Japan and to create an environment in which employees learn about compliance on their own. > Execution rate of Employee Code of Conduct enlightenment and educational activities by Toyota Industries and consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan: 100% Early Detection and Prevention of Issues via Whistle-Blower System The Toyota Industries Group has in place a whistle-blower system to report and seek consultation on compliance- related issues. In Japan as well as key countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Oceania and South America, we operate a compliance hotline (external helpline) that allows employees and other relevant parties to seek advice from external experts on compliance-related matters with a sense of security and without being exposed to negative consequences. In Japan, in response to the revisions to the Whistleblower Protection Act, which went into effect in June 2022, we have revised our related rules and communicated the revisions among employees while stepping up our efforts to thoroughly protect whistle-blowers and ensure the early resolution of problems. In fiscal 2023, we received 70 reports and inquiries from within Toyota Industries and from its consolidated subsidiaries in Japan on such matters as labor management, working environment and ethics. After verifying each report and inquiry, we have taken appropriate action regarding each case. Our responses have been reviewed and judged appropriate by external lawyers. In fiscal 2017, we also set up a hotline for our major suppliers to report and inquire about possible compliance violations by Toyota Industries employees. Through these initiatives, we ensure the early discovery and prevention of issues and intend to become a “company on which society places greater trust.” Compliance Awareness Survey Toyota Industries periodically conducts an employee compliance awareness survey to check how compliance activities have taken root among employees and how well they know about the Code of Conduct and whistle- blower system. By identifying the actual status and adding improvements, we have been working to make our compliance structure more effective. In the most recent awareness survey, we confirmed that the degree of recognition of both the Code and whistle-blower system was more than 95%. To maintain such a high level, we will continue to make efforts for further improvement. Formulating the Toyota Industries Group Anti-Bribery Policy TOPICIn March 2023, we formulated the Toyota Industries Group Anti-Bribery Policy to clarify our stance both within and outside the Toyota Industries Group. We have positioned the policy above our Global Guidelines for Bribery Prevention and have been working to communicate and thoroughly implement the policy in each region and country. Compliance; Antitrust laws; Prevention of bribery; Human rights; Various types of harassment; Safety behavior; Environmental protection; Management of confidential information; Product liability; Accounting process; Quality; Import/export controls n Example Topics of e-Learning Materials Link to the policy Link to Code of Conduct Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Compliance Basic Perspective We believe that compliance means both adhering to laws and regulations as well as ethics and social norms. As such, it is vital to promote compliance throughout the Toyota Industries Group under the leadership of top management. To promote compliance, we have established the Compliance Subcommittee (led by an executive responsible for legal affairs) as a subordinate organization to the CSRCommittee (led by the president). Every year, the subcommittee formulates an action policy that covers the entire Toyota Industries Group and conducts a follow-up check on the progress of corresponding activities. We have also established a system to report serious violation cases that occur within the Toyota Industries Group, including bribery, corruption and violations of antitrust laws, to the Compliance Subcommittee. In response to the issue of regulatory violation in certain engines for lift trucks related to Japan’s emissions certification in fiscal 2023, we will thoroughly identify compliance risks, revise our compliance structure and activities and work for improvements while seeking advice from external experts. CSRMaterial Issue > Number of serious compliance violations in the Toyota Industries Group: 1 Revising the Toyota Industries Corporation Employee Code of Conduct TOPICEfforts for Prevention of Bribery and Corruption To prohibit and prevent bribery, in 2014 Toyota Industries formulated the Global Guidelines for Bribery Prevention (or individual rules in countries high on the Corruption Perceptions Index in accordance with their respective, applicable laws) and has been conducting activities to familiarize employees with them in each country and region. Efforts for Ensuring Compliance with Antitrust Laws and Competition Laws As for antitrust laws, we operate a system to conduct a check and review before and after employees of Toyota Industries contact competitors and have been cultivating awareness among employees for not acting in a manner that may possibly constitute a violation of antitrust laws. Moreover, we have designated a particular month as “Antitrust Law Compliance Month” since fiscal 2016 to carry out enlightenment activities at relevant departments for clarifying our relationships with competitors and ensuring fair transactions with business partners (e.g., the need to hold sincere dialogue with business partners to deal with changes in the business environment caused by rises in various costs). Consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan have also been working to educate and raise awareness of employees for preventing violations of antitrust laws and competition laws, such as forming cartels, in accordance with local laws and regulations. Toyota Industries Report 2023 66 67

[TABLE] TOPIC | Formulating the Toyota Industries
Group Anti-Bribery Policy
[TABLE] In March 2023, we formulated the Toyota Industries
Group Anti-Bribery Policy to clarify our stance both
within and outside the Toyota Industries Group. We
have positioned the policy
above our Global Guidelines
for Bribery Prevention and
have been working to
communicate and thoroughly
implement the policy in each
region and country.
Link to
the policy
[TABLE] TOPIC | Revising the Toyota Industries Corporation Employee Code of Conduct
[TABLE] In fiscal 2022, Toyota Industries formulated the Sustainability Policy and Human Rights Policy to further promote
corporate activities whose values are aligned with those of society. In April 2023, we revised the Toyota Industries
Corporation Employee Code of Conduct for the first time since 2014 to implement these
policies.
The purpose of the revisions was to update the content based on the roles expected
of Toyota Industries and turn the Code into an action guideline for every employee amid
the growing call for responding to various issues, including those related to the Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs).
We have been making efforts to educate and inform
employees about the Code, such as holding Company-wide
meetings and distributing enlightenment cards, so that they
can practice the Code to fulfill their social responsibilities and Link to Code
of Conduct
contribute to the realization of a sustainable society.

[PAGE 36]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Information Security Basic Perspective We recognize that the personal information of customers, employees and business partners as well as information concerning our technologies and sales activities are assets that need to be protected. Accordingly, with the aim of safeguarding our information assets and strengthening their management, we have formulated the Basic Policies for Information Security. Tax Policy Under the basic perspective described above, Toyota Industries has formulated the Toyota Industries Group Tax Policy. The Toyota Industries Group will educate its employees as necessary through tax and accounting training and e-learning programs so that we are able to pay the appropriate level of taxes and take the proper tax measures in accordance with the Code of Conduct. Main Compliance Officers Toyota Material Handling Europe ABAndreas Lundh Europe Toyota Industries North America, Inc. Kim Parker United States BTMidland Co., Ltd Krisaruj Sereecharoensak Thailand Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V. Carl Messemaeckers Vanderlande Group Compliance Officer Conference in China Basic Policies for Information Security (1) Legal compliance We comply with laws and regulations related to information security while fostering awareness of them among employees. (2) Maintaining a stable business foundation We safeguard and manage information assets appropriately, carry out information security-related education and enlightenment activities on an ongoing basis and seek to maintain a stable business foundation. (3) Providing safe products and services We provide safe products and services to customers and society by implementing information security measures in our business activities, including the development, design and manufacture of products and services. (4) Information security management We build a governance structure to enforce and manage information security and continue to promote and refine the structure. Link to the policy Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Activities in the Toyota Industries Group Each consolidated subsidiary of the Toyota Industries Group has set up a compliance committee (in Japan) and appointed a compliance officer (outside Japan) to lead and promote autonomous activities in respective communities. In North America, Europe, China and Asia/Oceania, compliance officers regularly hold conferences and facilitate collaborative activities within each region. In fiscal 2023, compliance officers from nine bases in China attended the Compliance Officer Conference held in the country. They shared information about the compliance activities of each company and updates to relevant laws and exchanged views. After the conference, these bases have been conducting activities in a mutually coordinated manner. Toyota Industries Management (China) Co., Ltd. China Zhu Lingling Tax Governance Basic Perspective The Toyota Industries Group regards the most important managerial task is to earn trust broadly from society and enhance its corporate value on a stable, long-term basis. We strive to contribute to society and maintain and enhance corporate value by complying with the applicable tax laws and regulations of each country and region, as well as by paying the appropriate level of taxes. Toyota Industries Report 2023 68 69

[TABLE] United States

[PAGE 37]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Implementation Structure Toyota Industries has set up the Information Security Subcommittee (led by an executive in charge of the ITDigital Promotion Department) as a subordinate organization to the CSRCommittee to reduce information security risks. To thoroughly implement the initiatives adopted by the subcommittee, we appoint information security managers*1 and information security administrators*2 at each department of Toyota Industries. For consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates around the world, we regularly hold meetings of information technology (IT) managers in each region to share information on security incidents and countermeasures both in and outside the Toyota Industries Group and to disseminate relevant policies. Through these and other measures, we are increasing the levels of security and security awareness throughout the Group. *1: Head of each department *2: A person within the department, appointed by the head Risk Management Structure Risk Map CSRCommittee Collaborate • Deliberate on and determine priority risks • Check and follow up on the status of activities Risk supervisor Office of the CSRCommittee (Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management Office) Various functional meetings and committees, business divisions and other departments, consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan High Low Large Degree of impact Small Frequency of occurrence/Risk level Eight priority risks CSRCommittee Activity reports Approval and instruction Compliance Subcommittee (in charge of compliance) Information Security Subcommittee (in charge of information security) Europe, North America and China Regional headquarters Consolidated subsidiaries outside Japan Toyota Industries Corporation Consolidated subsidiaries in Japan Consolidated subsidiaries outside Japan Organization for Promoting Compliance and Information Security under the CSRCommittee Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Information Security Management n Information Security Monitoring and Incident Response To ensure the early detection of and prompt action against cyberattacks, we have in place systems to monitor the security of PCs and all other terminals used within the Toyota Industries Group and to respond to incidents 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We also share threat information with our consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates in and outside Japan to swiftly alert each company. CSRMaterial Issue > Number of serious incidents occurred: 0 n Providing Education on Information Security In addition to our ongoing training on targeted attacks via e-mail and a cybersecurity awareness website, we created a Cybersecurity White Paper to further reinforce our efforts to raise awareness of information security. The white paper compiles past incidents that occurred within the Toyota Industries Group, the current state of our security measures and tasks ahead. It is also available in English and is distributed to consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates around the world with the aim to increase awareness throughout the Group. n Preventing Leakage of Confidential Information As an effort to reinforce workplace activities led by information security managers and information security administrators, we have created and distributed the Information Security Managers/Administrators Guidebook, which describes the roles of each, the risk of damage caused by leakage of confidential information and response details. In the future, we plan to distribute the guidebook to our consolidated subsidiaries around the world. n Conducting Information Security Audits In accordance with the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG)*3, we annually inspect the implementation status of information security at Toyota Industries and our consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates around the world in order to maintain and improve the level of information security on a continuous basis. In performing ATSG-based inspections, we also check the rationale for implementing certain measures to upgrade the level of our activities. *3: Security guidelines of the Toyota Group, which conform to the Cyber Security Framework of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NISTCSF) and ISO 27000 series of standards for information security management systems Primary Activity Examples Activities in fiscal 2023 • Conducting an emergency security inspection on consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates in and outside Japan • Formulating a three-year action plan for improving the security level of affiliated companies in Japan and obtaining their agreement for the implementation • Creating and issuing a Cybersecurity White Paper • Opening a cybersecurity awareness website • Checking the actual security levels of suppliers and requesting corrective actions • Creating and issuing the Information Security Managers/ Administrators Guidebook • Incorporating security requirements into the quality control rules for product development Implementation Structure Business divisions and other departments at the Head Office develop and promote annual action policies that integrate measures to prevent and control risks related to safety, quality, the environment, personnel, export transactions, disasters and information security. Progress is assessed and followed up by each functional management entity such as the CSRCommittee and the Environmental Committee. We created the position of risk supervisor within the CSR Committee. By doing so, we promote activities to identify priority risks from among risks concerning Toyota Industries as a whole and make sure to implement measures at each functional management entity as well as measures to counter emerging risks spanning multiple functions. In fiscal 2023, we newly added geopolitical risk to our list of priority risks, and relevant functional management entities are working together to implement a range of initiatives. At the same time, functional departments at the Head Office such as those responsible for safety, quality and the environment formulate rules and regulations and create manuals from a Group-wide perspective, encompassing consolidated subsidiaries. By confirming and following up on the progress through operational audits and workplace inspections, they provide support for raising the level of risk management, including the ability to respond to the identified priority risks, at each business division and consolidated subsidiary. We have also formulated the Risk Response Manual, which defines basic rules for risk management activities under normal circumstances and for our initial response to an emergency when a risk becomes evident. The aim is to ensure quick reporting to top management, perform an accurate assessment of the impact on society and business activities and minimize damage through appropriate actions. The content of the manual is reviewed and revised as deemed necessary in response to changes in businesses and the surrounding environment. Risk Management Basic Perspective Based on the Basic Policies for the Establishment of an Internal Control System in compliance with the Companies Act, Toyota Industries is working to strengthen regulations and a structure to promote risk management. We regard the following aspects as the basics of risk management and implement initiatives accordingly. (1) Incorporating measures to prevent and reduce potential risks into daily routines and following up on the progress of implementation (2) Ensuring quick and precise actions to minimize the impact on business and society when a risk becomes apparent Response to Possible Major Earthquake We consider the impact of a major earthquake as one of the most significant risks and have accordingly formulated a business continuity plan. Based on the three basic policies of placing maximum priority on human life, placing top priority on the recovery of local communities and ensuring the quickest possible recovery, we are making Company-wide efforts in three relevant areas, specifically, “precautionary, pre-disaster mitigation,” “initial response to be followed immediately after the disaster” and “restoration of production.” Cybersecurity White Paper Cybersecurity awareness website logo Toyota Industries Report 2023 70 71

[TABLE] Eight priority risks
[TABLE] Risk s | up | ervisor
[TABLE] Activities in fiscal 2023
[TABLE] • Conducting an emergency security inspection on
consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates in and outside Japan
• Formulating a three-year action plan for improving the
security level of affiliated companies in Japan and obtaining
their agreement for the implementation
• Creating and issuing a Cybersecurity White Paper
• Opening a cybersecurity awareness website
• Checking the actual security levels of suppliers and
requesting corrective actions
• Creating and issuing the Information Security Managers/
Administrators Guidebook
• Incorporating security requirements into the quality control
rules for product development

[PAGE 38]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information n Simultaneous All-Company Disaster Prevention Training In fiscal 2023, we extended the duration of our training and conducted more effective, simultaneous all-Company disaster prevention training. The training at the Kariya Plant assumed stormy weather, and participants first evacuated the building to an outdoor primary evacuation site, and after checking the safety of the building, went inside to a secondary evacuation site. We will continuously conduct training to ensure higher safety and security for our colleagues, customers and business partners while dealing with new issues found through the training. External Evaluations of Patents Held by Toyota Industries Toyota Industries has been proactively applying for the National Commendation for Invention sponsored by the Japan Institute of Invention and Innovation and has received higher- ranking awards, including the Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Award. By receiving these awards, we make our excellent technological capabilities known internally and externally and increase the “inventive” motivation of employees who work at the forefront of our development activities. Investment in Intellectual Capital toward Electrification and Automation Toyota Industries has diverse technologies and know-how cultivated in various businesses and provides a variety of solutions to customers. Leveraging this strength, we have promoted research and development in the electrification and automation fields, which will help realize a decarbonized society and resolve labor shortages while actively encouraging inventions in these fields. Our patents related to electrification, such as those for batteries, electronics products and electric compressors, account for more than half the number of patents held by Toyota Industries around the world (including those under review) in the past five years (See Figure 1). Additionally, the ratio of inventions related to automation in the Materials Handling Equipment Business has been increasing year by year (See Figure 2). Going forward, we will work to secure competitive superiority through intellectual properties. Efforts to Cultivate Personnel to Engage in Disaster Prevention Activities n Training at Disaster Prevention Response Headquarters One important role assigned to the Disaster Prevention Response Headquarters that oversees Company-wide disaster response is to collect information on damages to both inside and outside the company premises, swiftly make decisions and disseminate these decisions throughout Toyota Industries. In fiscal 2023, we again conducted training remotely as in the previous fiscal year to collect damage information of each plant and report the information to the Disaster Prevention Response Headquarters. At the same time, we conducted a drill on using electrified vehicles (HEVs, BEVs and FC buses) of each plant as part of our emergency power source. We will continue to implement measures to ensure that the headquarters can function under any circumstances. Drill to use electrified vehicles as part of our emergency power source Number of patents held by the entire Toyota Industries Ratio of patents for electrification-related technologies 40% 45% 50% 52% 54% 55% 56% 54% 55% 60% 0 2,000 4,000 6,000 18 19 20 21 22 (FY) (Number) (Ratio) Number of patent applications made by the entire Toyota Material Handling Japan 0% 25% 43% 36% 50% 50% 75% 0 50 100 150 200 17 18 19 20 21 (Number) (Ratio) Ratio of applications related to automation 38% 11% (FY) Recent Award Won by Toyota Industries Details 2023 Invention Award Patent No. 5201113 Back pressure control mechanism for scroll-type compressors Figure 1. Number and Ratio of Patents for Electrification-Related Technologies Held by Toyota Industries Figure 2. Number and Ratio of Patent Applications for Automation- Related Technologies (Japan) Plant Response Headquarters Kariya Plant Obu Plant Kyowa Plant Nagakusa Plant & Morioka Works Takahama Plant Hekinan Plant Higashichita Plant Higashiura Plant Anjo Plant Ishihama Plant Educational Sites Company dormitories Company resort facilities Affiliated Companies Suppliers Key Facility Remote Sites Tokyo Office Toyota L&FCustomer Center Tokyo Toyota L&FCustomer Center Osaka TMHGTraining Center (Handa) e-Lab (information systems headquarters) Disaster Prevention Response Headquarters (Established in Kariya Plant) Disaster Prevention Structure Drill to evacuate to an indoor secondary evacuation site, assuming stormy weather Corporate Governance Corporate Governance n Individual Training at Each Plant n Power Restoration Drill Based on the procedures to restore power supplies, including electricity and gas, which are essential in restoring production activities, each plant conducts genchi genbutsu (go and see for yourself) training on a periodic basis. Through the training, we are identifying problems and making improvements to step up our efforts to ensure quick restoration activities. n System Restoration Drill We conduct system restoration drills jointly with Toyota Industries ITSolutions, Incorporated, a consolidated subsidiary engaged in the development and operation of information infrastructures and systems, and work to improve our readiness for quick restoration. Disaster Prevention Structure We strive to reinforce our disaster prevention structure to enable a smooth transition from the initial response stage to the production restoration stage. The Disaster Prevention Response Headquarters, consisting of representatives from the functional departments at the Head Office, is responsible for collecting information from plants and other relevant parties and making Company- wide decisions based on the information collected. Promoting Disaster Prevention at Home and Related Enlightenment Activities Starting from fiscal 2017, we have been undertaking enlightenment activities for employees and their families as a measure to promote disaster prevention and avoid disaster- inflicted damage at home. Specifically, we encourage them to take three actions: preventing the overturning of furniture and securing an evacuation route; deciding how to contact and where to meet with family members in a disaster; and stockpiling emergency goods, food and other necessities. In fiscal 2023, we focused on disaster prevention measures for when we are outside the home and worked to increase disaster preparedness by creating and distributing material on how to ensure safety when an earthquake occurs while we are in a car or using public transportation. Future Activities In the face of frequent wind and water-related disasters and earthquakes in recent years, we believe it is important to be prepared to make a smooth initial response and maintain the function of the Disaster Prevention Response Headquarters no matter when or how much we sustain damage from a disaster. Based on this belief, we will continue our ongoing efforts to increase the effectiveness of our disaster prevention scheme. Implementation Structure and the Number of Patent Applications Toyota Industries’ businesses span various fields from textile machinery to materials handling equipment and automobile-related products. In accordance with business strategies tailored to the characteristics of each business, we comprehensively analyze information on our own and other companies’ intellectual properties, covering our position in the respective markets and competitive relationships, and based on the results, formulate an intellectual property strategy. At our internal Invention Review Meeting between the technical department and IP department of each business division and other occasions, we identify and encourage inventions that pay attention to certain technological domains. At the same time, we operate a system to survey risks of infringing other companies’ intellectual properties, report the survey results to a meeting of the Review and Approval Committee for Research and Development held during each development phase and have the responsible executives review and approve each development project. We also make joint efforts with consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan possessing the development function to acquire intellectual properties and promote the sharing of information to avoid risks of infringement, both from the viewpoint of Toyota Industries Group as a whole. Under this implementation structure, we filed some 1,000 patent applications in fiscal 2023. As of March 31, 2023, Toyota Industries holds about 6,000 patents across the world. Toyota Industries’ Activities Related to Intellectual Properties Basic Perspective One tenet of the Toyoda Precepts, which serves as our corporate creed, states “Always be studious and creative, striving to stay ahead of the times.” Under this tenet, Toyota Industries proactively makes investments in research and development, protects and uses the resulting intellectual properties, such as inventions and know-how, and leverages them in the strategies of each business. In addition, we make sure to acquire rights on intellectual properties both in and outside Japan and seek to prevent infringement of these rights while working to increase our corporate value by holding intellectual properties. Toyota Industries Report 2023 72 73

[TABLE] Educational
Sites
[TABLE] Company
dormitories
Company
resort facilities
[TABLE] Affiliated
Companies
[TABLE] Suppliers
[TABLE] 52% | 54%
[TABLE] 38% | 43% | 36%
[TABLE] 11%

[PAGE 39]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Directors Audit & Supervisory Board Members Senior Executive Officers Executive Officers Hiroya Akatsuka Yoichiro Yamazaki Haruhiko Kimata Hiroshi Kobayashi Takehiko Oishi Shigeru Sawaki Tomoji Tarutani Hiromichi Asao Taeko Kojima Hiroyuki Taniguchi Toru Suzuki Takashi Kubooka Hiroyasu Takagi Naomori Suzuki Motoki Takahashi Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, Vice President, Senior Executive Officers and Executive Officers (As of June 30, 2023) Director Kazunari Kumakura Apr. 1985 Joined Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) Jun. 2016 Managing Officer of Toyota Industries Corporation Jun. 2019 Operating Officer Mar. 2020 Retired from Operating Officer Apr. 2020 Deputy Chief Officer, Purchasing Group of TMCJul. 2020 Chief Officer, Purchasing Group of TMC (current) Jun. 2023 Director of Toyota Industries (current) Apr. 1970 Joined The Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (Tokio Marine) Jun. 2000 Director and Chief Representative in London of Tokio Marine Jun. 2002 Managing Director of Tokio Marine Oct. 2004 Managing Director of Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (Tokio Marine & Nichido) Jun. 2005 Senior Managing Director of Tokio Marine & Nichido Jun. 2007 President and Chief Executive Officer of Tokio Marine & Nichido Jun. 2007 President and Chief Executive Officer of Millea Holdings, Inc. (now Tokio Marine Holdings Inc. (Tokio Marine Holdings)) Jun. 2013 Chairman of the Board of Tokio Marine & Nichido Jun. 2013 Chairman of the Board of Tokio Marine Holdings Jun. 2014 Director of Toyota Industries Corporation (current) Apr. 2016 Counselor of Tokio Marine & Nichido (current) Jun. 2019 Retired as Chairman of the Board of Tokio Marine Holdings Director (Outside, independent) Shuzo Sumi Director (Outside, independent) Junichi Handa Apr. 1979 Joined Toa Nenryo Kogyo K.K. Feb. 2002 Representative Director of Booz Allen and Hamilton (Japan) Apr. 2005 CEO of Management Wisdom Partners, Japan Inc. Apr. 2005 Project Researcher of Manufacturing Management Research Center, the University of Tokyo Jun. 2013 Corporate Officer and Head of HR, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Jun. 2015 Outside Director of Mitsui Sugar Co., Ltd. (now Mitsui DMSugar Holdings Co., Ltd.) Jul. 2015 CEO of Management Wisdom Partners, Japan Inc. (current) Apr. 2016 Project professor of the Graduate School of Economics (Management) and member of the Office of the Global Leadership Program, the University of Tokyo Apr. 2022 Lecturer of the Graduate School of Economics, the University of Tokyo Jun. 2022 Director of Toyota Industries Corporation (current) Chairman Tetsuro Toyoda Apr. 1970 Joined Toyota Motor Sales Co., Ltd. Feb. 1991 Vice President of Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. Jun. 1991 Director of Toyota Industries Corporation Jun. 1997 Managing Director Jun. 1999 Senior Managing Director Jun. 2002 Executive Vice President Jun. 2005 President Jun. 2013 Chairman (current) Vice Chairman Akira Onishi Apr. 1981 Joined Toyota Industries Corporation Jun. 2005 Director Jun. 2006 Managing Officer Jun. 2008 Senior Managing Officer Jun. 2010 Senior Managing Director Jun. 2013 President Jun. 2023 Vice chairman (current) Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside, independent) Akihisa Mizuno Apr. 1978 Joined Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc. (Chubu Electric Power) Jun. 2008 Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer and General Manager of Corporate Planning & Strategy Div. of Chubu Electric Power Jun. 2009 Representative Director and Executive Vice President of Chubu Electric Power General Manager of Corporate Planning & Strategy Div. and General Manager of Affiliated Business Planning & Development Dept. Jun. 2010 President & Director of Chubu Electric Power Jun. 2015 Chairman of the Board of Directors of Chubu Electric Power Jun. 2016 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Toyota Industries Corporation (current) Apr. 2020 Director & Advisor of Chubu Electric Power Jun. 2020 Advisor of Chubu Electric Power (current) Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside, independent) Masanao Tomozoe Apr. 1977 Joined Toyota Motor Sales Co., Ltd. Jun. 2005 Managing Officer of Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) Apr. 2011 Senior Managing Officer of TMCApr. 2011 Senior Vice President of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. Jun. 2012 President and Representative Director of Toyota Motor Sales & Marketing Corporation May 2015 Advisor of Central Japan International Airport Company, Limited Jun. 2015 President and CEO of Central Japan International Airport Jun. 2019 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Toyota Industries Corporation (current) Jun. 2019 Advisor of Central Japan International Airport Jun. 2021 Special Advisor of Central Japan International Airport (current) Full-Time Audit & Supervisory Board Member Toru Watanabe Apr. 1983 Joined Toyota Industries Corporation Jun. 2016 General Manager of Accounting & Finance Dept. Jan. 2017 Project General Manager of Accounting & Finance Dept. Jun. 2020 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (current) Full-Time Audit & Supervisory Board Member Toru Inagawa Apr. 1982 Joined Toyota Industries Corporation Jun. 2008 General Manager of TMHGPlanning Dept. Jan. 2009 General Manager of Corporate Planning Dept. of TMHG, Toyota Material Handling Company Jan. 2013 General Manager of TMHGManagement Dept., Toyota Material Handling Company Jun. 2014 Managing Officer Jun. 2016 Senior Managing Officer Jun. 2019 Executive Officer Jun. 2021 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (current) President Koichi Ito Apr. 1986 Joined Marubeni Corporation Jun. 1998 Joined Toyota Industries Corporation Jun. 2012 Managing Officer Jun. 2019 Senior Executive Officer Jun. 2023 President (current) Yojiro Mizuno Masahiro Kawaguchi Hiroshi Matsumoto Kazunari Masuoka Toshihiko Shimizu Brett Wood Norio Wakabayashi Hiroaki Matsuda Sotaro Kumazawa Ken Suito Hisashi Ichijo Hisanori Miyajima Shinya Mizutani Keitaro Hara Vice Presiden Senior Executive Officers Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Toyota Industries Report 2023 74 75

[PAGE 40]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information  3  4  2  10 1  9  5  6  8  7 CEOPhilipp Hahn-Woernle Stuttgart, Germany Business activities: Integration of logistics systems Establishment: 1889  29 viastore intralogistics holding GmbHEurope  20 Toyota Industries Compressor Parts America, Co. The Americas  8 Higashiura Plant Higashiura-cho, Chita-gun, Aichi Main products: Compressor parts Start of operations: 2002  9 Anjo Plant Anjo-shi, Aichi Main products: Electronic equipment, products for fuel cell vehicles Start of operations: 2007  10 Ishihama Plant Higashiura-cho, Chita-gun, Aichi Main products: On-board batteries Start of operations: 2022  4 Nagakusa Plant Obu-shi, Aichi Main products: Vehicles Start of operations: 1967  5 Takahama Plant Takahama-shi, Aichi Main products: Materials handling equipment, materials handling systems Start of operations: 1970  6 Hekinan Plant Hekinan-shi, Aichi Main products: Engines for automobiles and for use in industrial fields, turbochargers Start of operations: 1982  7 Higashichita Plant Handa-shi, Aichi Main products: Foundry parts, diesel engines Start of operations: 2000 President Toshiya Yamagishi Ageo-shi, Saitama Business activities: Production, sales and after-sales services of aerial work platforms Establishment: 1962  11 Aichi Corporation President Amy Lin Taichung, Taiwan Business activities: Production, sales and after-sales services of materials handling equipment Establishment: 2014  36 Tailift Material Handling Taiwan Co., Ltd. President Amy Lin Qingdao, Shandong, China Business activities: Production, sales and after-sales services of materials handling equipment Establishment: 2000  37 Global Power Co. Ltd. (Tailift) President & CEO Brett Wood Columbus, Indiana, U.S.A. Business activities: U.S. headquarters for materials handling equipment production and sales Establishment: 2010  12 Toyota Material Handling North America, Inc. President & CEO Bill Finerty Columbus, Indiana, U.S.A. Business activities: Production and sales of materials handling equipment Establishment: 2020  13 Toyota Material Handling , Inc. President & CEO Mike Field Greene, New York, U.S.A. Business activities: Production, sales and after-sales services of materials handling equipment Establishment: 1922  14 The Raymond Corporation President Hiroshi Kuriyama São Paulo, Brazil Business activities: Production, sales and after-sales services of materials handling equipment Establishment: 2004  21 Toyota Material Handling Mercosur Indústria e Comércio de Equipamentos Ltda President & CEO Aaron Jones Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A. Business activities: Integration of logistic systems Establishment: 1952  16 Bastian Solutions, LLCPresident & CEO Mark Taggart Dallas, Texas, U.S.A. Business activities: Sales financing for materials handling equipment Establishment: 2014 President Haruyuki Ito Pendergrass, Georgia, U.S.A. Business activities: Production of compressor parts and electronics products Establishment: 2012  17 Toyota Industries Commercial Finance, Inc. President Haruyuki Ito Pendergrass, Georgia, U.S.A. Business activities: Production of compressors Establishment: 2004  19 TDAutomotive Compressor Georgia, LLCPresident Hisashi Kusaba Parma, Michigan, U.S.A. Business activities: Production of compressors Establishment: 1989  18 Michigan Automotive Compressor, Inc. President & CEO Hitoshi Matsuoka Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A. Business activities: U.S. headquarters for logistics solutions Establishment: 2017  15 Toyota Advanced Logistics North America, Inc.  22  23  25  27  29  26  24  28  30  31  32 34  36  37  33  11  15 16  14  18  12 13  17  19 20  21  35 Asia Japan President & CEO Ernesto Dom ínguez Mjölby, Sweden Business activities: European headquarters for materials handling equipment production and sales Establishment: 1946  22 Toyota Material Handling Europe ABManaging Director Kristian Björkman Mjölby, Sweden Business activities: Production of materials handling equipment Establishment: 1946  23 Toyota Material Handling Manufacturing Sweden ABManaging Director Fabio Giuliani Bologna, Italy Business activities: Production of materials handling equipment Establishment: 1942  24 Toyota Material Handling Manufacturing Italy S.p.A. Managing Director Philippe Mahé Ancenis, France Business activities: Production of materials handling equipment Establishment: 1995  25 Toyota Material Handling Manufacturing France SASPresident & CEO Remo Brunschwiler Veghel, The Netherlands Business activities: Provision of logistics solutions Establishment: 1949  26 Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V. CEO Davide Maccabruni Uster, Switzerland Business activities: Production, sales and after-sales services of quality measurement instruments for fiber, yarn and fabric Establishment: 1875  28 Uster Technologies AGPresident Yoichi Terao Bernsdorf, Germany Business activities: Production of compressors Establishment: 1998  27 TDDeutsche Klimakompressor GmbH  1 Kariya Plant Kariya-shi, Aichi Main products: Textile machinery, compressors Start of operations: 1927  2 Obu Plant Obu-shi, Aichi Main products: Compressor parts Start of operations: 1944  3 Kyowa Plant Obu-shi, Aichi Main products: Automotive press dies, production facilities, on-board batteries Start of operations: 1953 Managing Director Yasuo Shiino Bengaluru, India Business activities: Production of diesel engines Establishment: 2015  30 Toyota Industries Engine India Private Limited Managing Director Hisahiro Koketsu Bengaluru, India Business activities: Production, sales and after-sales services of textile machinery Establishment: 1995  31 Kirloskar Toyota Textile Machinery Pvt. Ltd. President Akihiro Oiwa Kunshan, Jiangsu, China Business activities: Production of materials handling equipment and automotive parts, etc. Establishment: 1994  32 Toyota Industry (Kunshan) Co., Ltd. President Akira Fujii Kunshan, Jiangsu, China Business activities: Production of compressors Establishment: 2005  33 TDAutomotive Compressor Kunshan Co., Ltd. President Yasushi Watanabe Yantai, Shandong, China Business activities: Production of compressors Establishment: 2012  34 Yantai Shougang TDAutomotive Compressor Co., Ltd. President Satoshi Kasuya Bekasi, Indonesia Business activities: Production of compressors Establishment: 2011  35 P.T. TDAutomotive Compressor Indonesia Link to the list of bases Major Bases (Production, Regional Headquarters, etc.) (As of June 30, 2023) Major Bases Toyota Industries Report 2023 76 77

[TABLE] Link to the
list of bases

[PAGE 41]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Highlights Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Highlights (FY2023) ¥262.9 billion ¥99.9 billion ¥7,821.1 billion / ¥3,837.4 billion / 49.1% ¥111.8 billion ¥192.8 billion ¥3,379.8 billion 2022 2023 2021 192.8 111.8 (FY) Profit before Income Taxes Depreciation Total Assets/Share of Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent/Ratio of Share of Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent Research and Development Expenses Profit 2,118.3 3,379.8 2,705.1 Net Sales Frequency Rate of Lost Workday Injuries (Non-Consolidated) CO2 Emissions (Consolidated) Water Consumption (Consolidated) Participants of Age-Based Health Education (Non-Consolidated) 136.7 180.3 88.9 94.4 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023 2021 (FY) 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023 2021 (FY) (¥ Billion) 3,500 3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000 500 0 (¥ Billion) 300 250 200 150 100 50 0 (¥ Billion) 200 150 100 50 0 (¥ Billion) 120 100 80 60 40 20 0 Note: Temporarily suspended from March 2020 to June 2021 for preventing the spread of COVID-19 Number of Participants of Social Contribution Activities (Consolidated) Participants of Subcontracting Law-Related Seminars ¥169.9 billion / 5.0% ¥144.4 billion ¥190 / 30.6% Operating Profit/Operating Profit Ratio Investments in Tangible Assets Cash Dividends Per Share/ Dividend Payout Ratio 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023 2021 (FY) (FY) 2022 2023 2021 (FY) 113.3 113.3 144.4 144.4 134.8 134.8 (¥ Billion) 200 150 100 50 0 118.1 118.1 169.9 169.9 159.0 159.0 (¥ Billion) 150 120 90 60 30 0 (¥) 200 150 100 50 0 190 190 170 170 150 150 (%) 6 5 4 5.0 5.0 5.6 5.6 5.9 5.9 (%) 35 30 25 30.6 30.6 29.3 29.3 30.2 30.2 184.0 262.9 246.1 91.0 99.9 94.1 (¥ Billion) 100 80 60 40 20 0 (¥ Billion) 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000 0 (%) 55 50 45 Ratio of Female Employees in Managerial Positions (Non-Consolidated) Resource Input Volume (Consolidated) Ratio of Associates with Disabilities (Non-Consolidated) Note: The figures for profit attributable to owners of the parent are presented. Note: As of June 1 of each fiscal year Note: As of June 1 of each fiscal year 3,837.4 3,837.4 7,821.1 7,821.1 49.1 49.1 3,236.0 3,236.0 6,503.9 6,503.9 49.8 49.8 3,928.5 3,928.5 7,627.1 7,627.1 51.5 51.5 (FY) (FY) (FY) Operating Profit Operating Profit Ratio (right) Total Assets Ratio of Share of Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent (right) Share of Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent Cash Dividends Per Share Dividend Payout Ratio (right) (FY) (FY) (FY) (FY) (FY) (FY) (FY) (FY) (FY) Affiliated companies Toyota Industries Metal Non-metal 0.06 730,788 t-CO2 4,603 km3 2,576 persons 2023 2021 0 2,576 1,139 0.09 0.15 2022 2023 2021 0.20 0.15 0.10 0.05 0 (Persons) 3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000 500 0 0.06 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023 2021 28,500 persons 895 persons 2022 2023 2021 (Persons) 1,000 800 600 400 200 0 2022 2023 (Persons) 30,000 25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000 5,000 0 2021 18,224 18,224 28,500 28,500 21,326 21,326 802 802 93 93 895 527 527 114 114 641 (km3) 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000 0 4,447 4,748 4,603 (t-CO2) 800,000 600,000 400,000 200,000 0 704,010 757,114 730,788 1.7 % 795,204 t 2022 2023 2021 (%) 2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5 0 2022 2023 2021 725,437 725,437 2.57 % 2022 2023 2021 (%) 3.0 2.5 2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5 0 721,224 721,224 726,439 730,270 (t) 800,000 600,000 400,000 200,000 0 4,833 4,833 5,215 5,215 652 652 800 800 148 148 2.40 2.40 2.48 2.48 2.57 790,036 790,036 795,204 5,168 2022 1.6 1.6 1.7 1.7 1.7 Toyota Industries Report 2023 78 79

[TABLE] 55,,44
[TABLE] 99..
[TABLE] 883377

[PAGE 42]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in Japan (JGAAP) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 For the Year Net sales 3,379,891 2,705,183 2,118,302 2,171,355 2,214,946 2,003,973 1,675,148 2,243,220 2,166,661 2,007,856 1,615,244 Operating profit 169,904 159,066 118,159 128,233 134,684 147,445 127,345 134,712 117,574 107,691 77,098 Profit before income taxes*1 262,967 246,123 184,011 196,288 202,225 209,827 181,986 185,398 170,827 138,133 86,836 Profit*2 192,861 180,306 136,700 145,881 152,748 168,180 131,398 183,036 115,263 91,705 53,119 Investments in tangible assets*3 144,403 134,867 113,361 106,058 113,748 115,458 77,393 75,438 126,395 109,479 89,459 Depreciation*3 99,901 94,190 91,097 90,488 85,639 77,738 73,253 77,366 70,782 64,153 57,954 Research and development expenses 111,877 94,484 88,900 90,560 88,807 77,647 69,524 65,440 47,785 46,326 39,057 Per share of common stock (yen): Earnings per share*2, *4 Basic 621.17 580.73 440.28 469.85 491.97 541.67 420.78 582.58 367.06 292.76 170.36 Diluted — — — — — — — 582.57 366.99 292.57 170.35 Share of equity attributable to owners of the parent 12,359.66 12,653.04 10,422.64 7,854.87 7,986.59 8,223.82 7,125.37 6,481.97 7,500.16 5,640.08 4,719.66 Cash dividends per share 190.00 170.00 150.00 160.00 155.00 150.00 125.00 120.00 110.00 85.00 55.00 At year-end Total assets 7,821,185 7,627,120 6,503,986 5,279,653 5,261,174 5,258,500 4,558,212 4,199,196 4,650,896 3,799,010 3,243,779 Share of equity attributable to owners of the parent 3,837,416 3,928,513 3,236,038 2,438,807 2,479,718 2,553,391 2,240,293 2,113,948 2,425,929 1,829,326 1,524,933 Capital stock 80,462 80,462 80,462 80,462 80,462 80,462 80,462 80,462 80,462 80,462 80,462 Number of shares outstanding (excluding treasury stock) (thousands) 310,479 310,479 310,481 310,483 310,485 310,487 310,489 314,226 314,155 313,730 312,207 Cash flows Net cash provided by operating activities 194,964 321,085 382,386 313,199 270,306 268,567 239,094 240,169 182,191 155,059 151,299 Net cash used in investing activities (427,642) (229,805) (404,164) (182,598) (395,000) (340,324) (86,925) (531,561) (160,769) (118,483) (274,210) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 183,690 (92,114) (105,477) ( 7,094 ) 40,467 153,303 789 130,923 (8,918) 6,183 7,050 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 202,731 247,085 238,248 358,144 239,140 323,830 243,685 92,399 248,706 226,406 179,359 Indices Operating profit ratio (%) 5.0 5.9 5.6 5.9 6.1 7.4 7.6 6.0 5.4 5.4 4.8 EBITDA (millions of yen)*5 435,417 390,525 326,851 336,415 323,998 313,055 276,193 369,857 248,854 216,175 155,234 Return on equity (ROE) (%)*6 5.0 5.0 4.8 5.9 6.1 7.0 6.1 8.3 5.6 5.7 4.1 Return on assets (ROA) (%)*7 2.5 2.6 2.3 2.8 2.9 3.4 3.0 4.1 2.7 2.6 1.8 D/E ratio (%)*8 44.3 35.4 41.6 54.9 52.3 45.7 43.6 43.7 32.0 39.9 45.4 Ratio of share of equity attributable to owners of the parent*9 49.1 51.5 49.8 46.2 47.1 48.6 49.1 48.5 50.7 46.6 45.4 Number of employees (persons) 74,887 71,784 66,947 66,478 64,641 61,152 52,623 51,458 52,523 49,333 47,412 *1: The figures prior to fiscal 2017 are ordinary income under JGAAP. *2: Profit attributable to owners of the parent *3: Investments in tangible assets and depreciation apply to property, plant and equipment. They do not include materials handling equipment leased under operating leases. *4: Earnings per share is computed on the average number of shares for each year. *5: Profit before income taxes + Interest expenses – Interest and dividends income + Depreciation and amortization (including assets other than property, plant and equipment) *6: Profit attributable to owners of the parent / Average share of equity attributable to owners of the parent at the beginning and the end of the fiscal year *7: Profit attributable to owners of the parent / Average total assets at the beginning and the end of the fiscal year *8: Interest-bearing debt / (Share of equity attributable to owners of the parent – Subscription rights to shares) *9: (Share of equity attributable to owners of the parent – Subscription rights to shares) / Total assets Notes: 1. Toyota Industries has adopted IFRS beginning from the end of fiscal 2017. 2. Operating profit in fiscal 2018 includes a one-time effect of ¥14.3 billion arising from changes in retirement benefit plans. Link to “Investors” webpage Consolidated Eleven-Year Summary Toyota Industries Corporation Years ended March 31 Millions of yen Consolidated Eleven-Year Summary Toyota Industries Report 2023 80 81

[TABLE] Link to
“Investors”
webpage
[TABLE] International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) | Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in Japan (JGAAP)
[TABLE] 2023 | 2022 | 2021 | 2020 | 2019 | 2018 | 2017 | 2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2013
[TABLE] For the Year
[TABLE] Net sales | 3,379,891 | 2,705,183 | 2,118,302 | 2,171,355 | 2,214,946 | 2,003,973 | 1,675,148 | 2,243,220 | 2,166,661 | 2,007,856 | 1,615,244
[TABLE] 169,904 | 159,066 118,159 | 128,233 | 134,684 | 147,445 | 127,345 | 134,712 | 117,574 | 107,691 | 77,098
[TABLE] Profit before income taxes*1 | 262,967 | 246,123 | 184,011 | 196,288 | 202,225 | 209,827 | 181,986 | 185,398 | 170,827 | 138,133 | 86,836
[TABLE] 192,861 | 180,306 136,700 | 145,881 | 152,748 | 168,180 | 131,398 | 183,036 | 115,263 | 91,705 | 53,119
[TABLE] Investments in tangible assets*3 | 144,403 | 134,867 | 113,361 | 106,058 | 113,748 | 115,458 | 77,393 | 75,438 | 126,395 | 109,479 | 89,459
[TABLE] 99,901 | 94,190 91,097 | 90,488 | 85,639 | 77,738 | 73,253 | 77,366 | 70,782 | 64,153 | 57,954
[TABLE] Research and development expenses | 111,877 | 94,484 | 88,900 | 90,560 | 88,807 | 77,647 | 69,524 | 65,440 | 47,785 | 46,326 | 39,057
[TABLE] Per share of common stock (yen):
[TABLE] Basic | 621.17 | 580.73 | 440.28 | 469.85 | 491.97 | 541.67 | 420.78 | 582.58 | 367.06 | 292.76 | 170.36
[TABLE] — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 582.57 | 366.99 | 292.57 | 170.35
[TABLE] Share of equity attributable to owners of the parent | 12,359.66 | 12,653.04 | 10,422.64 | 7,854.87 | 7,986.59 | 8,223.82 | 7,125.37 | 6,481.97 | 7,500.16 | 5,640.08 | 4,719.66
[TABLE] 190.00 | 170.00 | 150.00 | 160.00 | 155.00 | 150.00 | 125.00 | 120.00 | 110.00 | 85.00 | 55.00
[TABLE] At year-end
[TABLE] Total assets | 7,821,185 | 7,627,120 | 6,503,986 | 5,279,653 | 5,261,174 | 5,258,500 | 4,558,212 | 4,199,196 | 4,650,896 | 3,799,010 | 3,243,779
[TABLE] 3,837,416 | 3,928,513 3,236,038 | 2,438,807 | 2,479,718 | 2,553,391 | 2,240,293 | 2,113,948 | 2,425,929 | 1,829,326 | 1,524,933
[TABLE] Capital stock | 80,462 | 80,462 | 80,462 | 80,462 | 80,462 | 80,462 | 80,462 | 80,462 | 80,462 | 80,462 | 80,462
[TABLE] 310,479 | 310,479 310,481 | 310,483 | 310,485 | 310,487 | 310,489 | 314,226 | 314,155 | 313,730 | 312,207
[TABLE] Cash flows
[TABLE] Net cash provided by operating activities | 194,964 | 321,085 | 382,386 | 313,199 | 270,306 | 268,567 | 239,094 | 240,169 | 182,191 | 155,059 | 151,299
[TABLE] (427,642) | (229,805) (404,164) | (182,598) | (395,000) | (340,324) | (86,925) | (531,561) | (160,769) | (118,483) | (274,210)
[TABLE] Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities | 183,690 | (92,114) | (105,477) | ( 7,094) | 40,467 | 153,303 | 789 | 130,923 | (8,918) | 6,183 | 7,050
[TABLE] 202,731 | 247,085 238,248 | 358,144 | 239,140 | 323,830 | 243,685 | 92,399 | 248,706 | 226,406 | 179,359
[TABLE] Indices
[TABLE] Operating profit ratio (%) | 5.0 | 5.9 | 5.6 | 5.9 | 6.1 | 7.4 | 7.6 | 6.0 | 5.4 | 5.4 | 4.8
[TABLE] 435,417 | 390,525 326,851 | 336,415 | 323,998 | 313,055 | 276,193 | 369,857 | 248,854 | 216,175 | 155,234
[TABLE] Return on equity (ROE) (%)*6 | 5.0 | 5.0 | 4.8 | 5.9 | 6.1 | 7.0 | 6.1 | 8.3 | 5.6 | 5.7 | 4.1
[TABLE] 2.5 | 2.6 2.3 | 2.8 | 2.9 | 3.4 | 3.0 | 4.1 | 2.7 | 2.6 | 1.8
[TABLE] D/E ratio (%)*8 | 44.3 | 35.4 | 41.6 | 54.9 | 52.3 | 45.7 | 43.6 | 43.7 | 32.0 | 39.9 | 45.4
[TABLE] 49.1 | 51.5 49.8 | 46.2 | 47.1 | 48.6 | 49.1 | 48.5 | 50.7 | 46.6 | 45.4
[TABLE] Number of employees (persons) | 74,887 | 71,784 | 66,947 | 66,478 | 64,641 | 61,152 | 52,623 | 51,458 | 52,523 | 49,333 | 47,412

[PAGE 43]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information FY2022 FY2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 247,085 202,731 Time deposits with deposit terms of over three months 328,674 420,173 Trade receivables and other receivables 1,121,491 1,398,757 Other financial assets 12,672 5,399 Inventories 433,961 524,385 Income tax receivables 28,906 26,262 Other current assets 83,034 99,313 Total current assets 2,255,827 2,677,024 Non-current assets Property, plant and equipment 1,134,074 1,237,540 Goodwill and intangible assets 395,882 468,368 Trade receivables and other receivables 2,334 1,459 Investments accounted for by the equity method 21,337 23,987 Other financial assets 3,734,978 3,338,505 Net defined benefit assets 37,408 27,887 Deferred tax assets 39,908 37,992 Other non-current assets 5,368 8,421 Total non-current assets 5,371,292 5,144,161 Total assets 7,627,120 7,821,185 Liabilities and Equity Liabilities Current liabilities Trade payables and other payables 745,553 807,474 Corporate bonds and loans 468,504 519,749 Other financial liabilities 82,909 83,749 Accrued income taxes 27,281 29,696 Provisions 15,415 41,827 Other current liabilities 33,058 34,615 Total current liabilities 1,372,721 1,517,112 Non-current liabilities Corporate bonds and loans 922,011 1,179,390 Other financial liabilities 95,237 104,404 Net defined benefit liabilities 91,677 81,422 Provisions 11,809 11,025 Deferred tax liabilities 1,078,641 952,960 Other non-current liabilities 33,054 39,467 Total non-current liabilities 2,232,430 2,368,671 Total liabilities 3,605,152 3,885,784 Equity Share of equity attributable to owners of the parent Capital stock 80,462 80,462 Capital surplus 102,388 101,245 Retained earnings 1,514,657 1,652,648 Treasury stock (59,339) (59,345) Other components of shareholders’ equity 2,290,343 2,062,404 Total share of equity attributable to owners of the parent 3,928,513 3,837,416 Non-controlling interests 93,454 97,985 Total equity 4,021,967 3,935,401 Total liabilities and equity 7,627,120 7,821,185 FY2022 FY2023 Net sales 2,705,183 3,379,891 Cost of sales (2,097,501) (2,623,707) Gross profit 607,682 756,183 Selling, general and administrative expenses (455,165) (576,761) Other income 20,942 28,230 Other expenses (14,391) (37,748) Operating profit 159,066 169,904 Financial income 89,941 103,728 Financial expenses (7,282) (13,976) Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for by the equity method 4,397 3,311 Profit before income taxes 246,123 262,967 Income taxes (60,773) (64,250) Profit 185,350 198,716 Profit attributable to: Owners of the parent 180,306 192,861 Non-controlling interest 5,043 5,855 Earnings per share Earnings per share—basic (yen) 580.73 621.17 Earnings per share—diluted (yen) 580.73 621.17 FY2022 FY2023 Profit 185,350 198,716 Other comprehensive income: Items not to be reclassified into profit or loss Net changes in revaluation of FVTOCI financial assets 465,900 (284,805) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans 13,943 576 Other comprehensive income of affiliates accounted for by the equity method 19 1 Total items not to be reclassified into profit or loss 479,863 (284,227) Items that can be reclassified into profit or loss Translation adjustments of foreign operations 84,380 56,074 Cash flow hedges 1,126 2,931 Other comprehensive income of affiliates accounted for by the equity method 1,102 156 Total items that can be reclassified into profit or loss 86,610 59,162 Total other comprehensive income 566,473 (225,065) Comprehensive income 751,823 (26,348) Total comprehensive income attributable to: Owners of the parent 742,088 (34,061) Non-controlling interests 9,735 7,713 Millions of yen Millions of yen Millions of yen Financial Statements Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income Toyota Industries Report 2023 82 83

[TABLE] FY2022 | FY2023
[TABLE] FY2022 | FY2023
[TABLE] Gross profit | 607,682 | 756,183
[TABLE] Operating profit | 159,066 | 169,904
[TABLE] Total current assets | 2,255,827 | 2,677,024
[TABLE] Profit before income taxes | 246,123 | 262,967
[TABLE] Profit | 185,350 | 198,716
[TABLE] Total non-current assets | 5,371,292 | 5,144,161
[TABLE] Total assets | 7,627,120 | 7,821,185
[TABLE] Earnings per share—basic (yen) | 580.73 | 621.17
[TABLE] Earnings per share—diluted (yen) | 580.73 | 621.17
[TABLE] Total current liabilities | 1,372,721 | 1,517,112
[TABLE] FY2022 | FY2023
[TABLE] Profit | 185,350 | 198,716
[TABLE] Total non-current liabilities | 2,232,430 | 2,368,671
[TABLE] Total liabilities | 3,605,152 | 3,885,784
[TABLE] Total other comprehensive income | 566,473 | (225,065)
[TABLE] Comprehensive income | 751,823 | (26,348)
[TABLE] Total share of equity attributable to owners of the parent | 3,928,513 | 3,837,416
[TABLE] Total equity | 4,021,967 | 3,935,401
[TABLE] Total liabilities and equity | 7,627,120 | 7,821,185

[PAGE 44]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information Share of equity attributable to owners of the parent Capital stock Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock Other components of equity Net changes in revaluation of FVTOCI financial assets Remeasurements of defined benefit plans Balance as of April 1, 2021 80,462 102,307 1,369,775 (59,321) 1,779,685 — Profit — — 180,306 — — — Other comprehensive income — — — — 466,017 13,896 Total comprehensive income — — 180,306 — 466,017 13,896 Repurchase of treasury stock — — — (18) — — Disposal of treasury stock — 0 — 0 — — Dividends — — (49,676) — — — Changes in ownership interest of subsidiaries — 81 — — — — Changes in non-controlling interests as a result of change in scope of consolidation — — — — — — Reclassified into retained earnings — — 14,252 — (355) (13,896) Other increases (decreases) — — — — — — Total transactions with owners — 81 (35,424) (18) (355) (13,896) Balance as of March 31, 2022 80,462 102,388 1,514,657 (59,339) 2,245,347 — Profit — — 192,861 — — — Other comprehensive income — — — — (284,915) 685 Total comprehensive income — — 192,861 — (284,915) 685 Repurchase of treasury stock — — — (5) — — Disposal of treasury stock — 0 — 0 — — Dividends — — (55,886) — — — Changes in ownership interest of subsidiaries — 58 — — — — Changes in non-controlling interests as a result of change in scope of consolidation — — — — — — Reclassified into retained earnings — — 1,015 — (330) (685) Other increases (decreases) — (1,201) — — — — Total transactions with owners — (1,143) (54,870) (5) (330) (685) Balance as of March 31, 2023 80,462 101,245 1,652,648 (59,345) 1,960,101 — Share of equity attributable to owners of the parent Non-controlling interests Total equity Other components of equity Total Translation adjustments of foreign operations Cash flow hedges Total Balance as of April 1, 2021 (39,082) 2,211 1,742,814 3,236,038 86,511 3,322,550 Profit — — — 180,306 5,043 185,350 Other comprehensive income 80,740 1,126 561,781 561,781 4,692 566,473 Total comprehensive income 80,740 1,126 561,781 742,088 9,735 751,823 Repurchase of treasury stock — — — (18) — (18) Disposal of treasury stock — — — 0 — 0 Dividends — — — (49,676) (2,260) (51,937) Changes in ownership interest of subsidiaries — — — 81 (1,066) (984) Changes in non-controlling interests as a result of change in scope of consolidation — — — — 534 534 Reclassified into retained earnings — — (14,252) — — — Other increases (decreases) — — — — — — Total transactions with owners — — (14,252) (49,613) (2,792) (52,405) Balance as of March 31, 2022 41,657 3,338 2,290,343 3,928,513 93,454 4,021,967 Profit — — — 192,861 5,855 198,716 Other comprehensive income 54,374 2,931 (226,922) (226,922) 1,857 (225,065) Total comprehensive income 54,374 2,931 (226,922) (34,061) 7,713 (26,348) Repurchase of treasury stock — — — (5) — (5) Disposal of treasury stock — — — 0 — 0 Dividends — — — (55,886) (2,674) (58,560) Changes in ownership interest of subsidiaries — — — 58 (508) (449) Changes in non-controlling interests as a result of change in scope of consolidation — — — — — — Reclassified into retained earnings — — (1,015) — — — Other increases (decreases) — — — (1,201) — (1,201) Total transactions with owners — — (1,015) (57,035) (3,182) (60,217) Balance as of March 31, 2023 96,032 6,269 2,062,404 3,837,416 97,985 3,935,401 FY2022 FY2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Profit before income taxes 246,123 262,967 Depreciation and amortization 223,737 257,762 Impairment losses 2,368 2,634 Interest and dividends income (84,203) (95,424) Interest expenses 4,868 10,111 Share of (profit) loss of investments accounted for by the equity method (4,397) (3,311) (Increase) decrease in inventories (110,613) (70,207) (Increase) decrease in trade receivables and other receivables (81,246) (225,489) Increase (decrease) in trade payables and other payables 93,537 29,619 Others 12,496 7,241 Subtotal 302,671 175,904 Interest and dividends income received 84,921 95,920 Interest expenses paid (4,999) (9,919) Income taxes paid (61,507) (66,940) Net cash provided by operating activities 321,085 194,964 Cash flows from investing activities: Payments for purchases of property, plant and equipment (237,371) (289,974) Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 16,415 19,660 Payments for purchases of investment securities (1,406) (1,624) Proceeds from sales of investment securities 651 541 Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries’ stock resulting in change in scope of consolidation (14,905) (36,486) Payments into time deposits (935,461) (919,474) Proceeds from withdrawals of time deposits 961,239 831,815 Payments for transfer of businesses (529) (2,104) Others (18,438) (29,995) Net cash used in investing activities (229,805) (427,642) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase (decrease) in short-term loans payable (within three months) 26,622 59,426 Proceeds from short-term loans payable (over three months) 136,079 82,054 Repayments of short-term loans payable (over three months) (112,363) (158,332) Net increase (decrease) in commercial paper 40,590 112,121 Proceeds from long-term loans payable 233,551 354,876 Repayments of long-term loans payable (180,482) (130,782) Proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds 13,205 103,314 Repayments of corporate bonds (184,066) (165,036) Repayments of lease obligations (16,453) (40,910) Payments for repurchase of treasury stock (18) (5) Cash dividends paid (49,676) (55,886) Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests (2,260) (2,674) Others 3,156 25,524 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (92,114) 183,690 Translation adjustments of cash and cash equivalents 9,671 4,632 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 8,837 (44,353) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 238,248 247,085 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 247,085 202,731 Millions of yen Millions of yen Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Financial Statements Toyota Industries Report 2023 84 85

[TABLE] Share of equity attributable to owners of the parent
[TABLE] Capital stock | Capital surplus | Retained earnings | Treasury stock | Other components of equity
[TABLE] Net changes in
revaluation of
FVTOCI financial
assets | Remeasurements
of defined benefit
plans
[TABLE] Balance as of April 1, 2021 | 80,462 | 102,307 | 1,369,775 | (59,321) | 1,779,685 | —
[TABLE] Profit
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Dividends
Changes in ownership interest of subsidiaries
Changes in non-controlling interests as a result of
change in scope of consolidation
Reclassified into retained earnings
Other increases (decreases)
Total transactions with owners | —
— | —
— | 180,306
— | —
— | —
466,017 | —
13,896
[TABLE] — | — | 180,306 | — | 466,017 | 13,896
[TABLE] —
—
—
—
—
—
— | —
0
—
81
—
—
— | —
—
(49,676)
—
—
14,252
— | (18)
0
—
—
—
—
— | —
—
—
—
—
(355)
— | —
—
—
—
—
(13,896)
—
[TABLE] — | 81 | (35,424) | (18) | (355) | (13,896)
[TABLE] Balance as of March 31, 2022 | 80,462 | 102,388 | 1,514,657 | (59,339) | 2,245,347 | —
[TABLE] Profit
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Dividends
Changes in ownership interest of subsidiaries
Changes in non-controlling interests as a result of
change in scope of consolidation
Reclassified into retained earnings
Other increases (decreases)
Total transactions with owners | —
— | —
— | 192,861
— | —
— | —
(284,915) | —
685
[TABLE] — | — | 192,861 | — | (284,915) | 685
[TABLE] —
—
—
—
—
—
— | —
0
—
58
—
—
(1,201) | —
—
(55,886)
—
—
1,015
— | (5)
0
—
—
—
—
— | —
—
—
—
—
(330)
— | —
—
—
—
—
(685)
—
[TABLE] — | (1,143) | (54,870) | (5) | (330) | (685)
[TABLE] Balance as of March 31, 2023 | 80,462 | 101,245 | 1,652,648 | (59,345) | 1,960,101 | —
[TABLE] FY2022 | FY2023
[TABLE] Net cash provided by operating activities | 321,085 | 194,964
[TABLE] Share of equity attributable to owners of the parent | Non-controlling
interests | Total equity
[TABLE] Other components of equity | Total
[TABLE] Translation
adjustments of
foreign operations | Cash flow hedges | Total
[TABLE] Balance as of April 1, 2021 | (39,082) | 2,211 | 1,742,814 | 3,236,038 | 86,511 | 3,322,550
[TABLE] Profit
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Dividends
Changes in ownership interest of subsidiaries
Changes in non-controlling interests as a result of
change in scope of consolidation
Reclassified into retained earnings
Other increases (decreases)
Total transactions with owners | —
80,740 | —
1,126 | —
561,781 | 180,306
561,781 | 5,043
4,692 | 185,350
566,473
[TABLE] 80,740 | 1,126 | 561,781 | 742,088 | 9,735 | 751,823
[TABLE] —
—
—
—
—
—
— | —
—
—
—
—
—
— | —
—
—
—
—
(14,252)
— | (18)
0
(49,676)
81
—
—
— | —
—
(2,260)
(1,066)
534
—
— | (18)
0
(51,937)
(984)
534
—
—
[TABLE] — | — | (14,252) | (49,613) | (2,792) | (52,405)
[TABLE] Balance as of March 31, 2022 | 41,657 | 3,338 | 2,290,343 | 3,928,513 | 93,454 | 4,021,967
[TABLE] Profit
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Dividends
Changes in ownership interest of subsidiaries
Changes in non-controlling interests as a result of
change in scope of consolidation
Reclassified into retained earnings
Other increases (decreases)
Total transactions with owners | —
54,374 | —
2,931 | —
(226,922) | 192,861
(226,922) | 5,855
1,857 | 198,716
(225,065)
[TABLE] 54,374 | 2,931 | (226,922) | (34,061) | 7,713 | (26,348)
[TABLE] —
—
—
—
—
—
— | —
—
—
—
—
—
— | —
—
—
—
—
(1,015)
— | (5)
0
(55,886)
58
—
—
(1,201) | —
—
(2,674)
(508)
—
—
— | (5)
0
(58,560)
(449)
—
—
(1,201)
[TABLE] — | — | (1,015) | (57,035) | (3,182) | (60,217)
[TABLE] Balance as of March 31, 2023 | 96,032 | 6,269 | 2,062,404 | 3,837,416 | 97,985 | 3,935,401
[TABLE] Net cash used in investing activities | (229,805) | (427,642)
[TABLE] Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities | (92,114) | 183,690
[TABLE] Cash and cash equivalents at end of period | 247,085 | 202,731

[PAGE 45]
Top Message Value Creation Initiatives for Growth Promotion of ESG Initiatives Corporate and Financial Information In December 2022, we were selected for the AList, the highest rating, in surveys conducted by CDP*1 on climate change. *1: An international NGO running a project that requests companies to disclose their strategies against climate change and greenhouse gas emissions data In February 2020, we received a “Family-Friendly Company” award from the Aichi prefectural government as an exemplary company providing excellent initiatives to support work-life balance. In February 2023, we received a Silver Medal from EcoVadis*2 in its corporate sustainability survey. (Seven consecutive years since fiscal 2017) *2: An international organization that evaluates the sustainability of companies In November 2019, we received an “Excellent Company” award from the Aichi prefectural government under its “Female-Friendly Company” certification program as an exemplary company proactively promoting the empowerment of women. In November 2022, we were certified under the Aichi Biodiversity Company Certification Program established by the Aichi prefectural government in 2022 for our efforts to conserve biodiversity in a regional and sustainable manner. In August 2019, we received “Platinum Kurumin” certification from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare in recognition of our excellent efforts concerning work-life balance Company and Investor Information Company and Investor Information (As of March 31, 2023) Distribution of Shares Company Overview Corporate Head Office TOYOTAINDUSTRIESCORPORATION 2-1, Toyoda-cho, Kariya-shi, Aichi, 448-8671, Japan Telephone: +81-(0)566-22-2511 Facsimile: +81-(0)566-27-5650 Date of Establishment November 18, 1926 Common Stock No par value Authorized: 1,100,000,000 shares Issued: 325,840,640 shares (including treasury stock) Share unit: 100 shares Capital Stock 80,462 million yen Stock Exchange Listings Tokyo and Nagoya (Ticker Code: 6201) Number of Shareholders 18,934 Independent Accountant PricewaterhouseCoopers Aarata LLCOtemachi Park Building 1-1-1 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-0004, Japan Transfer Agent Special Account Management Institution Mitsubishi UFJTrust and Banking Corporation 1-4-5, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-8212, Japan Major Shareholders Name Number of Shares Held (Thousands) Percentage of Total Shares in Issue (Except for Treasury Stock) (%) Toyota Motor Corporation 76,600 24.67 DENSOCorporation 29,647 9.55 The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) 24,706 7.96 TOYOTAFUDOSANCO., LTD. 16,291 5.25 Toyota Tsusho Corporation 15,294 4.93 Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) 10,178 3.28 Nippon Life Insurance Company 6,580 2.12 AISINCorporation 6,578 2.12 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. 4,903 1.58 State Street Bank and Trust Company 505001 3,944 1.27 Note: Toyota Industries Corporation also holds 15,360 thousand shares of treasury stock but is excluded from the above list. Major Evaluations by Third Parties Common Stock Price and Trading Volume Japanese financial institutions 18.3% Japanese corporate entities 48.1% Japanese brokerages 1.2% Treasury stock 4.7% Individuals, etc. 5.8% Foreign corporate entities and others 21.9% 0 5,000 10,000 15,000 20,000 0 3,000 6,000 9,000 12,000 0 1,000 2,000 3,000 4,000 Apr. 2018 Apr. 2019 Apr. 2020 Apr. 2021 Apr. 2022 Apr. 2023 (Thousand shares) Trading volume of Toyota Industries stock (left) Stock price of Toyota Industries (left) TOPIX (right) (¥) (Point) Toyota Industries Report 2023 86 87

[TABLE] Name | Number of Shares Held
(Thousands) | Percentage of Total Shares in Issue
(Except for Treasury Stock) (%)