[PAGE 1]
Promotion of ESGInitiatives Further promoting initiatives to sustain growth in the areas of the environment, society and governance Environmental Initiatives P. 38–47 Relationship with Stakeholders P. 48–63 Corporate Governance P. 64–83 37

[PAGE 2]
Notional Diagram of Global Environmental Commitment Aiming at building a sustainable society which enables the harmonious coexistence of nature with our daily lives Environmental Management Recycling- based society Carbon neutral society Environmental risk reduction Society in harmony with nature APCards Periodic study session Observing air leakage using a camera Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Environmental Initiatives Environmental Initiatives Promoting Environmental Management We have been undertaking activities globally toward realizing our Environmental Vision 2050. Promoting Environmental Management Link to the action plan Product Environment Committee Production Environment Committee Specialized committees Environmental Conservation Organization by manufacturing plants President Chief environmental administrator Environmental Committee Division-Based Promotion Committees Internal audit Responsible internal auditor Head Office functions Divisions As one tenet under our Basic Philosophy, Toyota Industries works to contribute to regional living conditions and social prosperity and also strives to offer products and services that are clean, safe and of high quality. Accordingly, we have established the Global Environmental Commitment, a specific environmental action guideline, to be shared and implemented throughout the Toyota Industries Group. Our four main action themes are establishing a carbon neutral society; establishing a recycling-based society; reducing environmental risk and establishing a society in harmony with nature; and promoting environmental management, with the first three founded on the latter. Based on these pillars of action, the entire Toyota Industries Group will dedicate concerted efforts to realizing a prosperous life in harmony with the natural environment. Environmental Awareness Designating every June as Environment Month, Toyota Industries undertakes various initiatives to deepen the interest and understanding of environmental conservation of employees and their families and provide opportunities to take environment-related actions. As a new initiative in fiscal 2024, we created AP (Accident Pattern) Cards. They are a collection of environmental irregularities or potentially serious near-accidents that have occurred in the past and have a high tendency of recurrence. They also clarify the points to be noted during operations. We distribute these cards internally to raise awareness of each employee about the prevention of these incidents. Environmental Education Toyota Industries implements education programs matched to the environment-related knowledge and skills required for each job category and position. We intend to upgrade the level of environmental initiatives throughout Toyota Industries by providing a variety of environmental education programs, such as grade-based education, introductory courses for environmental management and environmental audits as well as education on environmentally friendly products. For the department in charge of the environment within each business division, we periodically hold a study session on environment-related laws to increase their knowledge and awareness. Education on Energy Saving for Consolidated Subsidiaries For achieving a carbon neutral society, Toyota Industries regards it essential to work with its consolidated subsidiaries to reduce CO2 emissions. As part of this effort, we provided education on energy saving to our consolidated subsidiaries in fiscal 2024. The program consisted of a lecture and hands-on education. The lecture aimed to raise awareness by showing the idea of kaizen (continuous improvement) in everyday situations and examples of specific measures. The on-site hands-on education particularly dealt with air leakage, which is an issue in saving energy, and let the participants actually experience how they can save energy by using a camera that visualizes air leakage. We also performed a rough calculation of the monetary effect of preventing air leakage, helping them recognize the importance of such an activity and encouraging them to sustainably continue prevention. We have defined our Environmental Vision 2050 in relation to the four action themes specified in the Global Environmental Commitment to accelerate our environmental initiatives in anticipation of future society. As milestones toward achieving this vision, we formulate five-year environmental action plans, and the entire Toyota Industries Group works as one team to resolutely undertake activities in accordance with each plan. The seventh plan (from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2026) has defined action policies, specific actions and targets for each of the four action themes, and we are undertaking initiatives accordingly across the world. In fiscal 2024, we showed steady progress across the board toward achieving respective targets for fiscal 2026. We have set up a Company-wide environmental management system (EMS) with the president at the top to quickly reflect top management’s decisions on business operations. On the basis of this environmental management structure, which is aligned with our business management structure, we have been reinforcing our environmental governance and promoting a further reduction of environmental impact resulting from product development and production activities. Global Environmental Commitment Enhancing Environmental Awareness and Education Environmental Vision 2050 and Environmental Action Plans Environmental Management Structure Environmental Vision 2050 Establishing a carbon neutral society Globally take on challenge of establishing a zero CO2 emissions society Establishing a recycling-based society Take on challenge of minimizing the use of resources Reducing environmental risk and establishing a society in harmony with nature Generate positive influence on biodiversity Promoting environmental management Enhance consolidated environmental management and promote enlightenment activities 2 3 4 1 Toyota Industries Report 2024 38 39

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Environmental Initiatives
[TABLE] Environmental Vision 2050
[TABLE] 1 Establishing a carbon neutral society
Globally take on challenge of establishing a zero CO2
emissions society
2 Establishing a recycling-based society
Take on challenge of minimizing the use of resources
3 Reducing environmental risk and establishing a society
in harmony with nature
Generate positive influence on biodiversity
4 Promoting environmental management
Enhance consolidated environmental management and
promote enlightenment activities
[TABLE] Speci | alized
[TABLE] comm
Product En
Com
Production E
Com | comm | ittees
[TABLE] Chief environ
administr | mental
ator
[TABLE] Product En
Com | vironment
mittee
[TABLE] Production E
Com | nvironment
mittee
[TABLE] Divi | sions

[PAGE 3]
Verification by a third party Environmental liaison meeting with affiliated companies in Japan Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Environmental Initiatives Promoting Environmental Management / Establishing a Carbon Neutral Society Link to the third- party verification statement Link to the performance data (environment) Holding an Environmental Liaison Meeting with Affiliated Companies in Japan We periodically hold an environmental liaison meeting with affiliated companies in Japan to share information on revisions to the relevant laws and example initiatives of each company. In fiscal 2024, the focused theme of the meeting was compliance with environmental laws and regulations, and we held a group discussion to share the status of each company in achieving legal compliance along with associated issues and talked about response measures. We usually hold the meeting once a year. However, in fiscal 2024, we held an additional special meeting due to the environmental violations that occurred within the Group to prevent the occurrence of similar incidents in affiliated companies. Going ahead, we will continue to enhance awareness and knowledge concerning relevant laws and regulations and upgrade the level of environmental response of the entire Group by both promoting active communication throughout the Group and ensuring swift and adequate information sharing. Reinforcement and Promotion of Consolidated Environmental Management Conducting Environmental Risk Assessment at Consolidated Subsidiaries Environmental Audits Status of Compliance with Environmental Laws Soil and Groundwater Contamination Countermeasures Verification by a Third Party Acquisition of ISOCertification In order to facilitate environmental initiatives in a more efficient and organized manner, Toyota Industries and its consolidated subsidiaries have been acquiring ISO 14001 certification, the international standard for environmental management systems. Toyota Industries implements annual internal environmental audits as well as external audits carried out by an independent third-party institute. In fiscal 2024, the external review identified no non-conformance issues. The review, however, pointed out some matters that could potentially constitute non-conformance. We have been making improvements regarding these matters and sharing details throughout our plants. Meanwhile, focusing on topics such as “management of compliance with environmental laws and regulations” and “initiatives under our environmental policies and management of related competence,” our internal audits were conducted on departments with high risk and those that have undergone changes in terms of key audit items. During the audits, we received many suggestions through in-depth discussions and were able to improve our EMS. The Toyota Industries Group recognizes that a violation of environmental laws that entails the suspension of production or other penalties may represent a direct risk to the supply of our products as well as our supply chain. In order to ensure compliance with environmental laws throughout the Group, we periodically conduct environmental risk assessments of our production subsidiaries. Conventionally, we conducted an assessment of our production subsidiaries outside Japan for possibilities of legal violations based on laws in each region as well as each company’s surrounding environment, business characteristics, mainly equipment and production processes, and environmental management structure. In fiscal 2024, we enhanced our assessment by extending its scope to our production subsidiaries in Japan and adding items, such as revisions to environmental laws and inspections by local government authorities, to the assessment list. We consequently found that certain regions have been revising their environmental laws frequently. With regard to production subsidiaries in these regions, we proactively collect relevant information while related bases and Toyota Industries’ departments work together to ensure legal compliance. We will continue to promote risk reduction in the entire Toyota Industries Group by identifying environmental risks within the Group and making responses matching each company. With an eye to preventing violations of environmental laws, Toyota Industries takes measures against the recurrence of potentially serious near-accidents that may result in legal violations and performs environmental risk inspections at its plants. In fiscal 2024, there were one case of violation of water quality-related laws at one of our consolidated subsidiaries in Japan and two cases of violation of air quality-related laws at consolidated subsidiaries outside Japan. We have carried out appropriate action to counter them as per the instructions of the authorities and thoroughly implemented measures to prevent recurrence. Toyota Industries carries out surveys and purification of soil and groundwater contaminated from the past use of trichloroethylene and other substances of concern. As a measure to prevent pollution from substances covered by the Soil Contamination Countermeasures Law as well as from grease and oils, we conduct periodic checks on groundwater. We regularly report the survey results to local government authorities and provide information at local community meetings. Link to details Toyota Industries obtains third-party verification in order to increase the credibility of its data on energy-derived CO2 emissions, waste volume, water withdrawal and wastewater discharge. We will continue to utilize this third- party verification in making continuous improvements in our environmental activities and disclose data to our stakeholders in a highly reliable and transparent manner. With regard to contributing to the prevention of global warming as one of our top-priority issues, we strive to reduce CO2 emissions from product use and the amount of energy consumed in all activities of our business sites. Through these initiatives, we are striving to minimize CO2 emissions throughout our supply chain. Establishing a Carbon Neutral Society For Toyota Industries, dealing with global warming is not just a “risk.” It also presents “opportunities” in doing business to both differentiate ourselves by leveraging our technology-based product appeal and conduct eco-conscious production activities. Meanwhile, we have set a goal of establishing a zero CO2 emissions society on a global basis in our Environmental Vision 2050 and have been making efforts in various fields. In terms of product development, our activities are geared toward enhancing the environmental performance of our products in each of our businesses. These initiatives include electrifying car air-conditioning compressors and other products as well as increasing engines’ fuel efficiency. In production activities, promoting thorough energy savings and utilizing renewable energy and hydrogen are the two pillars of our activities. As specific efforts, we have been striving to thoroughly eliminate wasteful use of energy in production processes and increase the efficient use of energy. We have also adopted solar and other renewable energy sources and have been effectively utilizing clean energy, such as hydrogen. Our Approach CSRMaterial Issue 41 Toyota Industries Report 2024 40

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Environmental Initiatives

[PAGE 4]
Air-conditioning system Liquid waste treatment flow with membrane filtration equipment Solar panels installed on the idle land Flexibly change the number of molds depending on the supply capacity Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Environmental Initiatives Link to details Heat storage tanks Wastewater treatment facility Filtration equipment Primary Secondary Electricity Pumps Liquid waste Underground pit Concentrated liquid waste Sludge PDischarge into rivers To waste disposal service operators The important point in this project was that we identified processes with significant steam loss through a review of our future steam use plan. With the cooperation of multiple departments, we did out-of- the-box thinking and took bold steps to introduce the membrane filtration equipment and abolish the drying process in the wastewater treatment facility toward becoming a carbon neutral plant. We aim to eliminate the use of steam in the remaining buildings early for further reduction in CO2 emissions. (Left) Hiroaki Watanabe Planning Office, Production Engineering Dept., Compressor Div. (Center) Daiki Koyama Team leader, Kariya Power, Section No. 1, Power Office, Plant Engineering Dept. (Right) Takashi Sugimoto Kariya Environment Group, Environment Office, Safety & General Administration Dept., Compressor Div. As of March 31, 2024 The Kariya Plant, a production base of car air-conditioning compressors in Aichi Prefecture, has been striving to reduce CO2 emissions by selecting its two plant buildings as a model for achieving carbon neutrality. Reducing the use of city gas is essential to achieving carbon neutrality. To do so, it is necessary to abolish the co- generation system that uses city gas to create electricity and steam. The abolishment, however, will make the equipment using steam from the system unserviceable. Thus, the plant initiated efforts to eliminate the use of steam in its plant buildings as a first step. In fiscal 2024, the plant turned one of the two buildings steamless by eliminating the corresponding processes. Previously, to reduce the amount of liquid waste from production processes, the plant used a concentrating device, which applies steam to heat liquid waste and cause moisture to evaporate. Instead, the plant adopted electric membrane filtration equipment, which efficiently filters and concentrates liquid waste without using steam. To reduce the amount of liquid waste discharged from the production process, the plant had previously used concentrating equipment that heated the liquid waste with steam to evaporate the water content. In this case, the plant optimized the amount of chemicals used in a dehydrator to reduce the amount of sludge after dehydration and succeeded in eliminating the drying process and, hence, the use of steam. The building becoming steamless led to reduced steam transmission loss from the piping. As a result, the plant was able to reduce its annual CO2 emissions by about 633 tons and abolish the co-generation system. In the future, the plant intends to continue its efforts to go steamless, such as applying electrification technology to similar steam-using devices, as it has done with the adoption of membrane filtration equipment. Toyota Material Handling Manufacturing Sweden AB (TMHMS), a subsidiary manufacturing materials handling equipment in Sweden, has been working to save energy through its effective use. Previously, TMHMS used thermal energy purchased from a district heating supplier to heat water for employees to wash their hands and take a shower. To reduce energy consumption for water heating, the company launched an initiative to replace the purchased thermal energy with exhaust heat from compressors that supply air in production processes. TMHMS installed heat recovery equipment and heat storage tanks to collect exhaust heat from air compressors and store it in these tanks during hours with no demand for heated water. This has allowed TMHMS to use heat efficiently without wasting it. The company also updated the air-conditioning system of the entire plant so that it can use the recovered heat as a source of heating when these tanks become full. Through these efforts, TMHMS successfully reduced its annual consumption of thermal energy purchased from a district heating supplier by 185 MWh. Case Example: Reducing CO2 Emissions by Eliminating Liquid Waste Treatment Processes That Use Steam Case Example: Reducing Energy Consumption by Changing the Order of Production Supporting the TCFDRecommendations and Disclosing Information Based on the Recommendations Case Example: Saving Energy by Using Exhaust Heat from Air Compressors North Vernon Industry Corporation (NVIC), a subsidiary manufacturing counterweights for lift trucks in North America, has actively been promoting energy-saving activities with a focus on heating equipment that consumes an especially large amount of energy in production processes. In these processes, an industrial furnace uses a lot of energy for heating molten metal. Recognizing it as an issue, NVIC made efforts in fiscal 2024 to reduce its energy use by decreasing the number of heating instances applied to molten metals. Conventionally, molten metal was heated and poured into three metal molds, and this heating was repeated 36 times per day on average. To reduce the number of repetitions, NVIC decided to flexibly change the number of molds to be filled with molten metal per heating, rather than fixing it to three, depending on the supply capacity of molten metal. With the cooperation of the production management department, the company optimized the order of production and can now fill an average of 3.3 molds per heating. This has enabled NVIC to reduce the average number of heating instances to 33 per day and cut down its annual CO2 emissions by about 1,938 tons. In December 2019, Toyota Industries declared support for the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)*1 and its recommendations. Recognizing that climate change-related risks and opportunities represent an important management issue, we have been undertaking activities as one of our CSR material issues. In November 2021, we conducted scenario analysis and disclosed information on “governance,” “strategy,” “risk management” and “metrics and targets,” as recommended by the TCFD. Case Example: Installing a Solar Power Generation System on a Plant’s Idle Land Toyota Industries has been pushing ahead with the introduction of renewable energy throughout the Group while taking into account the characteristics of the country or region in which each base is located. Toyota Material Handling, Inc. (TMH), a subsidiary manufacturing materials handling equipment in the United States, has already been undertaking various activities, such as thorough energy saving in production processes and purchase of renewable electricity certificates. TMH, however, had not yet implemented renewable energy measures on its premises. A parts warehouse in the premises conventionally used non-renewable electricity supplied by a local power company. TMH examined ways to replace it with renewable electricity and decided to introduce a solar power generation system on the idle land adjacent to the warehouse as it was large enough to install solar panels. TMH installed about 2,500 solar panels on 10,000 square meters of land in December 2023 and started operating the system in April 2024. The system can generate 1,700 MWh of electricity annually, and TMH expects to reduce its annual CO2 emissions by around 1,500 tons. Before changing the order of production After changing the order of production First time Second time First time Second time Added *1: A task force established by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) in 2015 at the request of the G20 to explore how companies should disclose climate-related information and how financial institutions should respond to climate change. Establishing a Carbon Neutral Society 43 Toyota Industries Report 2024 42

[TABLE] Before changing the order | of production
[TABLE] Primary | Secondary
[TABLE] Second time
[TABLE] Fir | st time
[TABLE] After changing the order | of production

[PAGE 5]
Flow of recovering coolant Wastewater treatment flow Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Environmental Initiatives Establishing a Recycling-Based Society Drain To tank Coolant recovery container Coolant Liquid collector Grinding sludge recovery container Coolant Grinding sludge Newly designed metal skid To establish a recycling-based society, we have been striving to reduce and recycle waste and minimize the usage of and environmental impact on water resources. Establishing a Recycling-Based Society Case Example: Reducing Waste by Reusing Coolant Case Example: Reducing Use of Resources by Unifying Skids When I was previously in charge of this process, I never thought about recovering the coolant from the sludge for reuse. As I was assigned to another environment-related group, I gained awareness and knowledge about waste and came up with this improvement idea. I also learned that many types of waste can be reduced, including those we naturally thought would be difficult to reduce. I would like to continue activities to reduce waste from various perspectives. Kentaro Kawata Safe Environment Oversight Group, Higashiura Machinery Section, Manufacturing Dept No. 3, Compressor Div. As of March 31, 2024 Kirloskar Toyota Textile Machinery Pvt. Ltd. (KTTM), a textile machinery production subsidiary in India, has been promoting production activities to minimize its use of resources. KTTM uses skids, a type of pallet, to make it easy to handle and carry cargo by lift trucks when shipping products. Previously, it used a total of eight types of skids with different shapes and sizes, four metal ones for exporting and four wooden ones for transportation within India. Wooden skids are prone to defects during assembly. Compared to metal skids, they are also difficult to reuse, thus consuming a large amount of resources. Coupled with the need for a large space to store these multiple types of skids, KTTM started examining the possibility of integrating the The Higashiura Plant, a production base of car air- conditioning compressors in Aichi Prefecture, has been proactively working to reduce its waste generation volume. Polishing, a process in the manufacture of compressor parts, generates a large volume of grinding sludge, which is a mixture of polishing dust and coolant (cooling liquid used to reduce thermal damage and abrasion). The plant examined the grinding sludge discharged into a recovery container and found that it contained about 1.4 kg/h of coolant. The plant accordingly launched a project based on the idea that reducing the discharge of the coolant might lead to less grinding sludge. In order to solely recover the coolant from the grinding sludge, the plant first added a coolant discharging drain and coolant recovery container to the grinding sludge recovery container. It then installed a liquid collector in the coolant recovery container so that the coolant, which had been discarded with the grinding sludge, would be returned to a tank for reuse. The liquid collector takes power from a coolant supply pump used in the existing equipment and does not need additional energy for air suction. As a result, the process was able to reduce its monthly waste by about 1.2 tons without increasing CO2 emissions. eight types into one metal type. The results showed that the unification of the existing skids was difficult due to their structures and from the perspective of the efficiency of loading onto containers. KTTM thus decided to design a new, general-purpose metal skid for both export and domestic shipping. The company also asked its customers in India to switch from non-reusable wooden skids to the new metal skids. Consequently, KTTM abolished the use of wooden skids and reduced its annual use of wood materials by 13.7 tons, achieving less use of natural resources overall. Mass consumption, if continued on the back of the expanding world population and economic growth, will eventually deplete natural resources. Toyota Industries believes it is essential to promote 3R (reduce, reuse and recycle) design for effective resource utilization and the recycling of waste as resources. We set a goal of minimizing the use of resources in our Environmental Vision 2050. Accordingly, we have been making various efforts, including extending the life of components as well as reducing their size and weight in the area of product development. In production activities, implementing measures to reduce resource consumption at the source, ensuring the maximum resource recycling within a plant and reducing waste by using leading-edge technologies are the three pillars of our activities. Waste: Our Approach Water is the basis of all life on the earth and is an irreplaceable and valuable resource. Every year, however, we have been witnessing the increasingly severe impacts of droughts, floods and other natural disasters resulting from climate change as well as shortages in drinking water and agricultural water caused by the growth in the world’s population. Many of the processes of Toyota Industries use water for washing and painting products, and we regard the water supply crunch caused by climate change and population growth as a significant risk to our business activities. Accordingly, we have set a goal of minimizing the environmental impact on water resources and have been monitoring water input and output in each country and region and promoting the recycling of water and reduction of water withdrawal. Water Resources: Our Approach Case Example: Achieving Zero Wastewater from Production Processes by Recycling Wastewater In July 2023, TDAutomotive Compressor Kunshan Co., Ltd. (TACK), a compressor production subsidiary in China, completed the construction of a new plant to increase its production capacity of electric compressors. The new plant has implemented a range of environmental measures to ensure legal compliance and reduce its environmental impact. One such measure is to promote the effective use of water resources. The plant’s wastewater treatment system applies biological treatment or low-temperature distillation depending on the type of wastewater discharged from various production processes. The wastewater is then treated through a reverse osmosis (RO) membrane process for recycling in these processes. In this way, the plant achieved zero wastewater from production processes. TACK also applies the RO process to remove impurities from tap water and recycles wastewater from the process as supplementary water for a cooling tower, leveraging it to reduce the use of supplementary water. Through these efforts, TACK expects to reduce its annual water consumption by about 16,930 m3. In addition to reducing the use of water resources, these efforts have led to a lower risk of contaminating the local environment with wastewater from production processes. Case Example: Reducing the Dependence on Local Water Resources by Increasing the Use of Rainwater KTTM has also been promoting production activities that consider the local environment concerning water resources. KTTM has already built a pond on the plant premises to lower its dependence on local water resources and has used rainwater stored in the pond in production processes. However, since rainwater alone was not sufficient to satisfy the demand from these processes, KTTM purchased groundwater from a local water supplier. KTTM was concerned that the continued use of groundwater may cause lower groundwater levels and that the installation of wells may also impact the natural environment. In response, the company more than doubled the capacity of the pond from 600 kl to 1,250 kl. This has allowed KTTM to secure a sufficient amount of rainwater needed for production and reduce its dependence on local water resources. Before expansion After expansion Wastewater tank Recycle Biological treatment Low-temperature distillation Concentrated liquid waste To waste disposal service operators RO membrane equipment CSRMaterial Issue CSRMaterial Issue 45 Toyota Industries Report 2024 44

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Environmental Initiatives
[TABLE] Coolant Liquid collector

[PAGE 6]
VOC collection and treatment equipment Event to color decoys Tour in the Higashichita Birdpia Logo of “sites in harmony with nature” certified by the Ministry of the Environment Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Environmental Initiatives Reducing Environmental Risk and Establishing a Society in Harmony with Nature Our Biodiversity Sites Certified as “Sites in Harmony with Nature” by the Ministry of the Environment Tours of Our Biodiversity Sites for Elementary School Children TOPICTOPICWe endeavor to conserve biodiversity and use natural resources in a sustainable manner through our business activities and seek to achieve harmony between these activities and biodiversity. At the same time, we aim to minimize environmental risk by working not to generate substances of concern because of our business activities. Reducing Environmental Risk and Establishing a Society in Harmony with Nature Currently, air pollution by chemical substances has become a global issue having equal importance as global warming. As such, countries around the world are adopting more stringent environmental regulations each year. How Toyota Industries responds to these regulations will have a significant impact on the business activities we undertake in each country. Based on this perception, we have been taking a forward-looking approach, anticipating fuel efficiency and emissions regulations to be enforced by each country and region, and promoting product development accordingly. In production activities, we have been working to minimize the use of substances of concern such as volatile organic compounds (VOC), which are causal substances of photochemical oxidants that generate smog. Substances of Concern: Our Approach Deforestation is now proceeding in various parts of the world, causing the fragmentation of the habitats of living organisms. In order for humankind to live in harmony with nature, it is essential to conserve nature in each region. In our Environmental Vision 2050, we set a goal of generating a positive impact on biodiversity and have been conducting various business activities while continuously paying attention to their influence on the natural environment. We have also formulated the biodiversity policy and have been promoting initiatives accordingly. The policy clearly stipulates that we seek to reduce the impact of our business activities on biodiversity and work with local communities for the conservation of biodiversity. Conservation of Biodiversity: Our Approach Case Example: Promoting VOCCountermeasures at a Production Subsidiary in China Initiatives to Facilitate an Understanding of Conservation of Biodiversity among Employees TACK has installed VOC collection and treatment equipment in its new plant completed in July 2023. These devices, which were used in the processes to wash completed products and recycled products, were created by modifying the dust collectors used in the previous plant for hydroalcoholic washing. Thus, the initiative ensured the effective reuse of the existing devices and a reduction of the environmental impact. In the process of washing parts, the company also switched to washing with pure water and discontinued the use of VOC-containing cleaning agents. Through these efforts, TACK expects to reduce its annual VOC discharge by about 5.6 tons. Toyota Industries provides opportunities for all employees to participate in activities to conserve biodiversity to help them gain a deeper understanding and take voluntary actions. For example, we provide workshop-style education during introduction training for new employees to encourage each to relate to the matter by thinking about how their behavior and Toyota Industries’ activities impact biodiversity and what benefits we receive from it. We also conduct activities that engage employees of the Higashichita Plant, such as coloring decoys of terns for the Higashichita Birdpia, which we created within the plant. The Chinese government has been promoting a variety of policies for reducing air pollution. The initiative was one example of our proactive response to these policies and environmental problems. TACK will continue making concerted efforts to become an eco- friendly plant while achieving corporate growth. Health & Safety Environment Dept., TACK (Left) Yan Shipu Section manager (Second from left) Ma Jinsong Manager (Right) Li Fengshi Energy Section, Manufacturing Dept., TACK (Second from right) Fu Guangqing Section manager As of March 31, 2024 Toyota Industries conducts tours of its Higashiura Animal Path and Higashichita Birdpia for local elementary school children to familiarize them with the idea of biodiversity and help them understand the importance of conserving it. The Birdpia within the Higashichita Plant and the Biotope at the East of Obu Station created and managed by Toyota Industries have been certified as “sites in harmony with nature” by Japan’s Ministry of the Environment. The certification system was launched by the ministry in fiscal 2024 to certify “sites where biodiversity is conserved through private sector efforts” as part of the larger initiative to achieve a global target called “30 by 30*2.” *2: A target set in the 2021 G7 summit to effectively conserve at least 30% of the earth’s land and sea by 2030 to conserve healthy ecosystems CSRMaterial Issue 47 Toyota Industries Report 2024 46

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Environmental Initiatives
[TABLE] Tours of Our Biodiversity Sites for
TOPIC
Elementary School Children
[TABLE] Toyota Industries conducts tours of its Higashiura Animal
Path and Higashichita Birdpia for local elementary
school children to familiarize them with the idea of
biodiversity and help them understand the importance of
conserving it.
Tour in the Higashichita Birdpia
[TABLE] Our Biodiversity Sites Certified as
TOPIC “Sites in Harmony with Nature” by the
Ministry of the Environment
[TABLE] The Birdpia within the Higashichita Plant and the
Biotope at the East of Obu Station created and
managed by Toyota Industries have been certified as
“sites in harmony with nature” by Japan’s Ministry of
the Environment. The certification system was launched
by the ministry in fiscal 2024 to certify “sites where
biodiversity is conserved through
private sector efforts” as part of the
larger initiative to achieve a global
target called “30 by 30*2.”
*2: A target set in the 2021 G7 summit to
effectively conserve at least 30% of the earth’s
land and sea by 2030 to conserve healthy
ecosystems
Logo of “sites in harmony with nature”
certified by the Ministry of the Environment

[PAGE 7]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Relationship with Our Stakeholders Relationship with Our Customers We strive to create a system that ensures proper manufacturing in the correct way to deliver safe and reliable products to customers. Quality Vision Each and every member of the Toyota Industries Group complies with laws and regulations while thinking and acting from the perspective of customers at their workplaces and positions to supply appealing products/services that exceed the expectations of customers around the world, with safe and reliable quality. Basic Perspective In response to the incident of our legal violations in engine certification in Japan, we have reexamined the Quality Vision, which specifies our basic perspective on quality. To ensure legal compliance and deliver safe and reliable products to customers, everyone at Toyota Industries is going back to the basics and making all-out efforts to rebuild our Company-wide quality management system (QMS) so that we can offer our products to customers with confidence in quality and reassure people that Toyota Industries has been transformed in a better way. In January 2023, we reorganized the Quality Control Department into the Quality Management Department in order to reinforce the horizontal alignment of our quality functions. Under the Chief Quality Officer (CQO), a newly established position in January 2024, the Quality Management Department has been taking the lead in establishing a quality control infrastructure and strengthening our check function for our business divisions. With regard to the quality control infrastructure, we will establish quality-related document formats, a system to manage quality data and knowledge, a management system for quality-related personnel and a structure to provide quality-related education. The Engine Division will spearhead the effort to revamp the existing standards and provide rules and standards for important processes needed to ensure compliance with laws and regulations. These activities will then be extended throughout the Company. As for a design review (DR), which serves as the basis of our new product development, we have reexamined the Company-wide rules and initiated the process of redefining divisional rules. We are also reviewing our quality control education to again cultivate quality compliance awareness. As for strengthening our check function for business divisions, we have set up lines of reporting related to quality issues and started conducting quality management audits as a function to monitor business divisions. Establishing a Foundation for Quality Governance n Aiming for a Robust Quality Governance Structure For reorganizing and reinforcing our quality governance structure, Toyota Industries will promote the establishment of a new, more robust quality governance structure consisting of three check lines. In addition to the conventional quality assurance structure of each business division (Line 1), we will set up an Setting up a Structure to Enhance Quality Awareness of the Entire Company If a defect is found in a product after its launch, the Quality Assurance Department of the responsible business division takes the lead in making a swift response to eliminate the concerns of customers quickly and implementing measures to ensure the non-recurrence of the same defect. In particular, a defect causing considerable inconvenience to customers is recorded as a critical quality issue and reported to the president. At the same time, we have in place a system to follow through on customer response as well as measures to prevent recurrence. Accordingly, we examine and identify the cause by going back to its development process. We implement countermeasures both from the process and technological aspects and revise our new product development process as necessary. Through these measures, we strive to thoroughly avoid the recurrence of the defect in subsequent models. Additionally, we make efforts to prevent the occurrence of defects in all products we develop and manufacture in the future by taking measures throughout Toyota Industries. Preventing Occurrence and Recurrence of Defects internal quality audit function independent of departments within each business division (Line 2). The Quality Management Department in the Head Office will audit Line 2 from a position independent of business divisions (Line 3). With these three lines, we aim for a structure invulnerable to risks. n Focusing on Product Quality through Quality Management Audits We ensure product quality while engaging all departments, from planning to development and production. One role of audit is to check this process from a third-party viewpoint to identify risks. Its scope, however, goes beyond just checking if we meet the requirements of laws, regulations and standards. It includes examining if quality-related systems and rules, which each department should follow, are working effectively and if the existing standards are appropriate as is. Additionally, by having the Head Office further check the results of internal quality audits of each business division, we expect that an appropriate check function will be exercised for prevention and timely discovery of problems. Our newly launched quality management audits intend to enhance quality awareness of the entire Company by providing greater opportunities for more functional organizations and employees to regard product quality seriously and by encouraging everyone to become more keenly aware of the link between their work and product quality. Since improving the quality of our products requires concerted efforts with our suppliers in and outside Japan, we are strengthening joint quality assurance activities with major suppliers. n Quality Audit In each annual quality audit, we check each business partner’s quality control status, suggest items that should be reinforced based on the results and cultivate a deeper Providing Support to Suppliers Quality Governance Structure Structure of a Quality Management Audit Relationship with Our Stakeholders Quality control infrastructure Check function Quality Vision Annual Quality Guidelines Business division Business division Business division DR system Planning Design Production Quality management audit Monitoring Communicate what the Toyota Industries Group aims for in terms of quality Production preparation Sales/ services Management system for quality-related personnel Quality document formats Management of quality data and knowledge Structure for quality-related education Foundation for Quality Governance Relationship with Our Customers Audit Audit Independent from departments Independent from business divisions Head Office Business activities Line 1 Line 2 Line 3 Business divisions Production engineering Planning Development Manufacturing Quality assurance Internal quality auditors Quality management auditors (Quality Management Department) Ensure quality for customers by totally inspecting product quality from the planning to mass production stages Line 1 Check the integrity of inspection data from Line 1 and the effectiveness of the quality standards Line 2 Specify the direction of audits to be performed by Line 2 and check if audits within each business division are performed properly Instead of checking the same thing with three sets of eyes... Three persons performing an audit in their respective roles Line 1 Line 2 Line 3 Quality assurance function of each business division Does it satisfy the standards? Quality targets Inspection results Internal quality auditor Quality management auditor Are there any irregularities in the records? Are the standards appropriate in the first place? Is this risk acceptable? Are audits within business divisions being performed just for the sake of audit? Line 3 Toyota Industries Report 2024 48 49

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Relationship with
Our Stakeholders
[TABLE] Planning | ecnarussa
ytilauQ
[TABLE] evelopment
[TABLE] Production
engineering
[TABLE] anufacturing
[TABLE] Communicate what the
Toyota Industries Group aims
[TABLE] for in terms of quality
[TABLE] DR system
Business Business Business
division division division
Planning
Design
[TABLE] Business
division | Business
division
[TABLE] Design
[TABLE] Production
preparation
[TABLE] Production
[TABLE] Sales/
services
[TABLE] Check function
[TABLE] Management of quality data and knowledge
[TABLE] Management system
for quality-related personnel

[PAGE 8]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Relationship with Our Stakeholders n Activities to Promote Creative Ideas among Employees All employees are striving for kaizen in their day-to-day operations through creative ideas. With regard to such ideas, we received 11 awards in fiscal 2024 in the Creativity category in the Commendation for Science and Technology by Japan’s Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology. These awards are given to those who have shown notable ingenuity and contributed to technology improvement. n Nurturing Human Resources Who Can Take a Scientific Approach As part of our basic education on quality management, we teach the basics of statistical quality control (SQC) and machine learning. In order to increase the practical application of machine learning, we have been nurturing core human resources through problem solving in the workplace. We have held the TICOSQCConvention for 40 years to share best practices of each business division and hone collective skills. CSRMaterial Issue > Rate of eligible employees receiving training to promote quality education (non-consolidated): 92% n Nurturing Human Resources Who Can Perform Risk Assessment of Product Safety In order to provide products that are safe for customers to use, each business division conducts risk assessments during a DR to identify all risks. We are also providing Company-wide specialized risk assessment education to promote the development of human resources who can assess two factors integral to risk assessment, namely, the likelihood of an occurrence of a hazard and the severity of damage caused by it. Global QCCircle Convention understanding of kaizen (improvement). In fiscal 2024, following the government’s downgrading of COVID-19 classification to Class 5, we gradually shifted from remote audits to conventional genchi genbutsu (go and see for yourself) inspections and continued to check the status of quality assurance activities of each company both through a quality assurance system and on-site quality control. n Nurturing and Certifying Internal Auditors at Suppliers To foster voluntary quality improvement efforts of suppliers, we are nurturing and certifying internal auditors at suppliers satisfying our criteria. Through these activities, we foster a culture in which suppliers work autonomously to maintain and improve their quality assurance systems and foster quality assurance on their own. Toyota Industries provides systematic quality education to all employees to help them acquire quality assurance skills needed in actual operations. We have been developing human resources who think, learn and act on their own while understanding that complying with laws and regulations forms the basis of our activities. n QCCircle Activities For our quality control (QC) circle activities, in which all employees participate, we have garnered many awards, as we presented the results of our activities at QC circle conventions across Japan. For example, in fiscal 2024 we received an encouragement award under the QCCircle Kaoru Ishikawa Award program for three consecutive years (for the 12th time in total). The award is given to QC circles for their distinctive activities and contribution to widespread, more active and better QC circle activities. Fiscal 2024 marked our first milestone with three of our QC circles receiving the award at the same time. Our production bases outside Japan are also proactive in promoting QC circle activities. We assist them in undertaking independent activities by nurturing and certifying global QC circle trainers at each base. Even though the COVID-19 pandemic affected QC circle activities of all bases outside Japan, these trainers have devised creative solutions to promote, maintain and resume their initiatives. As for the Global QCCircle Convention held as a venue for presenting activity results, we hosted a video session for three years up to fiscal 2023 because of the pandemic but started holding it in Japan again in fiscal 2024. Among the Regional QC Circle Conventions hosted in respective regions, the ones in North America, Europe and China were also resumed in person in fiscal 2024 to share the accomplishments made by respective bases. Promoting Human Resources and Workplace Development Relationship with Our Business Partners Toyota Industries encourages open procurement and seeks co-existence and co-prosperity with our business partners (suppliers) based on mutual trust. We also facilitate environmentally preferable purchasing, human resources development, fair trade, disaster prevention activities assuming earthquakes and various other disasters and more efficient purchasing. Relationship with Our Customers / Relationship with Our Business Partners Procurement Policies l Fair and equitable business transactions based on an open door policy l Co-existence and co-prosperity based on mutual trust l Reducing environmental impact through environmentally preferable purchasing l Localization of business for good corporate citizenship l Legal compliance Basic Perspective We provide fair and equitable opportunities to all potential suppliers. In selecting suppliers, we comprehensively evaluate them based on factors such as quality, price, adherence to delivery times, safety, business stability and technology development capabilities. We also assess whether they fulfill their social responsibilities, including legal compliance, respect for human rights and environmental protection activities, as we strive for fair and equitable business transactions. Fair and Equitable Business Transactions Based on an Open Door Policy We strive to realize co-existence and co-prosperity with our suppliers based on mutual trust. Every year, we hold procurement policy meetings and workshops for managers of major suppliers to facilitate mutual understanding and cooperation. In addition, as full-year efforts for major suppliers, we implement quality control through quality audits and the development of internal auditors and provide programs such as technical skills training, guidance directed toward kaizen at their production sites and safety and health education. Co-Existence and Co-Prosperity Based on Mutual Trust We procure parts, raw materials and equipment while using environmental friendliness as one important assessment criterion when selecting suppliers. The seventh edition of our Environmentally Preferable Purchasing Guidelines contains our Environmental Vision 2050, including the establishment of a carbon neutral society. Accordingly, we have been strengthening environmental management so as to promote environmental protection activities in our entire supply chain. Efforts include giving consideration to the entire product lifecycle as early as the development stage. Reducing Environmental Impact through Environmentally Preferable Purchasing To work together throughout the supply chain to realize a sustainable society, we distribute the Sustainability Guidelines for Suppliers, which describe our requirements for suppliers related to safety, human rights, labor practices, the environment, compliance and other topics, to suppliers while thoroughly informing them about the content. In May 2023, we made revisions to the guidelines, such as adding provisions on cybersecurity. We inspect suppliers’ compliance with the guidelines by performing checks, encouraging them to perform a self-inspection using a checklist and following up on their efforts. Through these checks, we have confirmed that all suppliers comply with the guidelines. Moreover, through a periodic check on commodity items of concern, such as conflict minerals, we strive to maintain healthy transactions and reinforce a related structure throughout the supply chain. Sustainability Guidelines for Suppliers Environmentally Preferable Purchasing Guidelines Link to the guidelines Sustainability Guidelines for Suppliers Link to the guidelines 51 Toyota Industries Report 2024 50

[TABLE] romotion of
G Initiatives
[TABLE] ationship with
r Stakeholders

[PAGE 9]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Relationship with Our Stakeholders n Hotline for Suppliers In 2016, we set up a hotline for our suppliers to report and inquire about possible compliance violations in Toyota Industries’ procurement activities to ensure early detection and the prevention of problems. n Toward Achieving Carbon Neutrality in Our Supply Chain Toyota Industries holds sessions to explain carbon neutrality to its major suppliers. In fiscal 2024, we conducted a survey on the CO2 emissions of suppliers and asked them to implement activities to reduce their emissions. Jointly with suppliers, we will continue to step up our efforts toward achieving carbon neutrality throughout our supply chain. We proactively provide personnel in charge of procurement at Toyota Industries and affiliated companies with education to enhance procurement knowledge. In fiscal 2024, we provided education mainly on Japan’s Subcontracting Law as well as topics related to sustainability such as human rights and the environment. We also utilize e-learning to thoroughly inform personnel in charge of procurement, those responsible for price negotiations for the entire Company and their managers about our response to the Japanese government’s In further promoting BCM, we are making concerted efforts with suppliers to reduce associated risks by implementing specific measures. In fiscal 2022, to deal with frequent natural disasters in recent years, we rebuilt a system to identify disaster-induced damage to suppliers. Previously, we had conducted an impact survey on suppliers by concurrently using multiple systems for various customers. In place of these systems, we adopted a new, activities to prevent the unjust use of a superior bargaining position as stipulated in antitrust laws as well as initiatives and guidelines aimed at ensuring fair subcontracts. unified system, which has enabled us to perform the impact survey in a more efficient and timely manner and contribute to their BCM. Moreover, in order to recover quickly and maintain production, we continued to reinforce our earthquake and flood control measures at each base while at the same time reevaluating an appropriate level of inventories and examining ways to decentralize suppliers and production bases. Business Continuity Management (BCM) Human Resources Development to Enhance Procurement Knowledge We hold sessions for our major suppliers to explain our Occupational Safety and Health Policies. Based on the analysis of accidents that occurred in the previous fiscal year and information on legal revisions, we promote safety and health activities for the next fiscal year for the prevention of similar accidents through these sessions. With a view to seeking zero accidents (fires and explosions), industrial accidents and disorders on the premises of Toyota Industries, we have established the Safety and Health Council with subcontractors located on our premises. When an accident or industrial accident does occur, we ask them to report it to us and investigate the cause in accordance with the rules and procedures stipulated by Toyota Industries. Also, we jointly create a comfortable working environment by sharing information on accidents and disorder prevention activities of Toyota Industries. Using past accident cases as a reference, we periodically share various information, including matters that should be observed to prevent similar accidents, with subcontractors of outsourced work. We also request the cooperation of subcontractors located on our premises to perform risk assessment in the construction work planning stage to identify associated risks. In addition, we encourage them to always discuss in advance a safe work method with the departments of Toyota Industries planning a construction project. Safety and Health Activities for Suppliers Participants of Subcontracting Law-Related Seminars * Provided e-learning to an extended group of eligible employees than before fiscal 2023 Relationship with Our Shareholders and Investors We aim to facilitate an understanding of the Toyota Industries Group and obtain an appropriate company valuation in stock markets through information disclosure based on fair disclosure rules as well as proactive dialogue with shareholders and investors. Toyota Industries regards ensuring shareholder benefits as one of the most important management policies. In returning profits to shareholders, we emphasize stable cash dividends. Accordingly, we strive to continue paying dividends at the consolidated dividend payout ratio of roughly 30% and meet the expectations of shareholders upon comprehensively taking into consideration such factors as business results and demand for funds. For fiscal 2024, Toyota Industries increased annual cash dividends by ¥50.0 from the previous fiscal year and paid annual cash dividends per share of ¥240.0 (interim cash dividend per share of ¥100.0 and year-end cash dividend per share of ¥140.0). We will continue to make efforts to enhance shareholder return based on the environment surrounding Toyota Industries and the situations we are facing. Returning Profits to Shareholders 145th General Shareholders’ Meeting Link to the declaration (in Japanese) Affiliated companies Toyota Industries 3,000 1,000 2,000 0 (Persons) 21 22 23 24* 20 (FY) Toyota Industries continually carries out information disclosure based on fair disclosure rules for shareholders and investors. In this way, we raise management transparency and increase an understanding of the Toyota Industries Group so that we obtain an appropriate company valuation in stock markets. Our investor relations (IR) activities are supervised by an executive in charge of IR. We also strive to engage in proactive and constructive dialogue with shareholders and investors by establishing a dedicated department. Basic Perspective and Implementation Structure We hold our annual general shareholders’ meeting early to avoid the date on which many companies hold their respective shareholders’ meetings so that more shareholders can attend. We are further facilitating the exercise of voting rights of our shareholders by allowing them to exercise such rights via the Internet and by joining the electronic voting platform for institutional investors. We held our 145th General Shareholders’ Meeting on June 9, 2023, in which 195 shareholders participated. At the meeting, we explained the status of our businesses and items on the agenda and received a variety of questions from shareholders on our businesses, governance and environment-related topics. With regard to the exercise of voting rights, we encouraged shareholders to use the Internet and other online means. All resolutions were passed at the meeting. For institutional investors and analysts, we held financial results briefings by management, while the Investor Relations Office conducted individual interviews, mainly via telephone and the Internet. In addition, we actively participated in conferences hosted by securities companies and held dialogue with many investors from Japan and overseas. Through these opportunities, we exchanged opinions on a range of topics, including market conditions in each of the Lift Truck Business and Logistics Solutions Business and our response; production and sales status in our automobile- related businesses; direction of business over the medium to long term; and our approach to and initiatives for the environment, social and governance (ESG) issues. For individual investors, we held web-based company information sessions to explain Toyota Industries’ businesses, characteristics and strengths and answered many questions. Through such communications with shareholders and investors, we successfully promoted a deeper understanding of Toyota Industries’ entire businesses. Opinions and requests obtained through these communications are fed back to executives and relevant business divisions as necessary to reflect them in our future business activities. Communication with Shareholders and Investors n Declaration of Partnership Building We publicly announced our Declaration of Partnership Building in September 2021 and have been striving to form a good relationship with our suppliers. The declaration clarifies that we make corporate and focused efforts to realize co-existence and co-prosperity with our entire supply chain, start new forms of collaboration regardless of company size and corporate group affiliations, and observe the preferred trade practices between a parent business operator and its subcontractors (included in the business promotion criteria of the Act on the Promotion of Subcontracting Small and Medium-sized Enterprises). The October 2023 revision to the declaration also states that we proactively communicate with subcontractors so that we can capture difficulties they are facing, hold negotiations while taking into consideration various cost fluctuations and maintain written records of the results of such negotiations. Reinforcing Relationships with Suppliers Relationship with Our Business Partners / Relationship with Our Shareholders and Investors 53 Toyota Industries Report 2024 52

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Relationship with
Our Stakeholders

[PAGE 10]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Relationship with Our Stakeholders Industries Group (Toyoda Precepts, business practices, giving guidance to subordinates and roles of each job level) At the Global Human Resources Conference, in which human resources representatives of affiliated companies outside Japan participate, we discuss these initiatives, formulate medium-term plans every three years and promote related activities. *1: A system to accept associates of Group companies outside Japan for a certain period n Support for Personal Development We provide opportunities and venues for personal development and voluntary study to increase associates’ willingness to expand their knowledge and perspective and to learn independently. We also provide financial aid to support their personal development. n Appropriate Work Hour Management and Flexible Work Styles On the basis of labor management, compliance with laws concerning work hours, break time and leave systems, we have been striving to create an environment where associates can maintain their health and work with peace Relationship with Our Associates We undertake initiatives to enable associates to work safely and with peace of mind and to allow diverse human resources to exercise their potential and play active roles. It is essential to create an open workplace so that individual associates can fully demonstrate their abilities in their own ways and find their work rewarding and meaningful. At Toyota Industries, supervisors and more experienced associates have been taking the lead in creating a workplace culture that allows members to freely share opinions and suggestions. They also work to establish a relationship so that they can sincerely work to solve difficulties or troubles faced by members. As for building a relationship that allows anyone to talk about anything in a timely manner, which is a focused, common theme of labor and management, we are making Company-wide efforts and holding labor-management discussions throughout the year. We also conduct an annual morale survey throughout the Company covering various aspects, including workplace It is crucial to build a flexible and robust organization that can adapt to future uncertainties and various changes. Accordingly, we strive to nurture human resources who can trigger changes in the surrounding environment and themselves and back up associates tackling challenges. n On-the-Job Training (OJT) We engage in human resources development in each workplace with a focus on the OJT cycle consisting of three steps: setting a role and theme for each associate, giving guidance and providing performance evaluation and feedback. The basis of our human resources development is one- on-one dialogue held semiannually between a supervisor and subordinate to discuss the subordinate’s growth and aspired role (career plan) and to review his or her capabilities. Based on the results of the dialogue, we formulate a departmental development plan for each member and share it with him or her to increase work motivation and encourage further growth and greater roles. Moreover, we place emphasis on human resources development through a broad range of experiences and have proactively taken measures to provide various opportunities for active engagement, including a system of overseas training, an internal job posting system and a job rotation system in which associates will eventually return to their n Human Resources Management and Labor Management Toward Fostering Open Workplace Culture Nurturing Human Resources and Promoting Active Roles culture perceived by each associate, an individual’s willingness to grow and growth achieved and supervisors’ management of subordinates. The survey results are fed back to associates, and each department head is leading efforts to create a better workplace. In order to help promote personal and trust relationships among associates outside work hours, we are also keen to conduct activities to facilitate communication, including internal ekiden long-distance relay races and summer evening festivals. original positions after assignment to different workplaces for a certain period of time. We assign one senior member in the workplace to each new associate to help them learn the basic rules as a working person and ensure smooth assimilation. After one year from the posting, the department head interviews each new associate to eliminate difficulties and convey growth expectations. As a tool to support OJT and supervisors’ management of subordinates, we implement a 360-degree feedback system designed to provide an opportunity for them to reflect on their actions and facilitate behavioral change. For leader positions, we have a succession plan system, which specifies successor candidates for each of the department head positions as well as executive officer positions at affiliated companies in and outside Japan. The system also validates required qualities and formulates development plans. Through the system, we assign roles and opportunities to those who may assume positions that are strategically important in our management to facilitate their development. n Off-the-Job Training (Off-JT) We provide various training programs that are practical and useful in the workplace, including induction training for new associates, training for newly promoted associates and training to gain specialized knowledge or capabilities. These programs are also made available to associates of affiliated companies in Japan. <Nurturing Young Engineers> We operate the Toyota Industries Technical Training School, an in-house training school, to nurture future core human resources in manufacturing operations having basic skills and a strong commitment. Graduates of the school, who have acquired knowledge, skills and mindset/physical training for one year, play active roles at the forefront of our manufacturing operations. Our annual in-house skills contest is a venue for young associates from within Toyota Industries and affiliated companies to hone their skills. It also serves as an opportunity to nurture practical leaders in monozukuri (manufacturing). The purpose is to maintain and improve the basic skills underpinning the foundation of monozukuri, increase engineers’ motivation and facilitate skills exchange among business divisions. Through participation in the National Skills Competition, we also nurture human resources with skills, knowledge and excellent personality, thus contributing to the growth of monozukuri within the Company as well as Japan. <Education to Managers> We provide the following training programs to facilitate an understanding of the responsibilities and roles expected of associates who will be assigned to managerial positions in and outside Toyota Industries. l Training for executives of affiliated companies in and outside Japan (director’s responsibilities, compliance, labor management, accounting and financial affairs and public relations) l Training for newly promoted group leaders (group leader’s roles, building a trust relationship with group members, empowering diverse members and human resources development) <Nurturing Globally Capable Human Resources> We focus on the following three pillars. (1) Global leader training (2) People-to-people exchange (temporary overseas assignment, overseas training and Intra-Company Transferee (ICT) system*1) (3) Training to be held at Group companies outside Japan to cultivate a sense of value shared across the Toyota FY2024 Percentage of associates who are proud of the Company 89.9% Percentage of associates finding their work rewarding 75.1% Morale Survey Results Global Human Resources Conference Associates participating in a National Skills Competition Rank-Based Training Toyota Industries undertakes a range of initiatives based on our basic perspective to develop and leverage the capabilities of associates and the organization to the fullest by promoting the creation of a highly motivated team. Basic Perspective Office associates Production associates Directors Training for newly promoted directors Directors Managers Training for newly promoted managers Managers Senior staff (SS) TICOBusiness Practices training IIIChief experts (CX) Training for newly promoted SSTraining for newly promoted CXMiddle staff (MS) TICOBusiness Practices training IISenior experts (SX) Training for newly promoted MSTraining for newly promoted SXJunior staff (JS) TICOBusiness Practices training ITraining for newly promoted EXExperts (EX) Production associate training IIIAssociates Clerical staff (CS) Induction training for new associates Production associate training IIInduction training for new associates Relationship with Our Associates Toyota Industries Report 2024 54 55

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Relationship with
Our Stakeholders
[TABLE] Office associates | Production associates
[TABLE] Directors | Training for newly promoted directors | Directors
[TABLE] Managers | Training for newly promoted managers | Managers
[TABLE] Senior staff (SS) | Training for newly promoted CX | Chief experts (CX)
[TABLE] TICO Business Practices training III
[TABLE] Training for newly promoted SS
[TABLE] Middle staff (MS) | Training for newly promoted SX | Senior experts (SX)
[TABLE] TICO Business Practices training II
[TABLE] Training for newly promoted MS
[TABLE] Junior staff (JS) | Training for newly promoted EX | Experts (EX)
[TABLE] TICO Business Practices training I | Production associate training III
Production associate training II
Induction training for new associates | Associates
[TABLE] Clerical staff (CS)
[TABLE] Induction training for new associates
[TABLE] FY2024
[TABLE] Percentage of associates who are proud of the Company
[TABLE] Percentage of associates finding their work rewarding

[PAGE 11]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Relationship with Our Stakeholders of mind through labor-management communication. To enhance productivity, we have also introduced systems to enable associates to work flexibly without time or place constraints to offer more diverse work style options. Such systems include a flex time system without core-hour requirements, satellite offices, a discretionary work system and a telecommuting system. n Fair Evaluation Toyota Industries respects diverse values and attributes and implements measures so that each associate is empowered to demonstrate their abilities. At the same time, we conduct fair evaluations based on communication between supervisors and subordinates and provide support for their even greater engagement. To generate new value by flexibly responding to the changing business environment and diversifying customer needs, we aim to create an organization that allows human resources that are diverse and proactive to exercise their abilities to the fullest and make accomplishments through co-creation. We are promoting initiatives to realize a corporate culture in which associates accept and respect each other’s differences, including gender, age, nationality, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, sexual expression, disabilities, experience, sense of value or any other invisible difference. n Empowerment of Female Associates We aspire to let individual associates take active roles regardless of gender. Accordingly, we have been undertaking a range of initiatives from various aspects, such as changing the mindsets of associates, providing career support for female associates and promoting flexible working practices. In seeking to ensure that female associates engaging in production operations fully work and take active roles until an older age, we also hold a work style seminar for female production associates and a training program on women’s empowerment for newly promoted production associates. As health support for women, we have implemented initiatives such as providing basic knowledge videos for all associates and setting up a health consultation service with specialty doctors. As a result of these efforts, Toyota Industries received Japan’s “Eruboshi” certification and an “Excellent Company” award under Aichi Prefecture’s “Female-Friendly Company” certification program. n Initiatives for Persons with Disabilities We respect the idea of people with and without disabilities working together and sharing life and work values. Under this basic policy, we continue to employ persons with disabilities every year. Before hiring, we offer them the opportunity to gain work experience (internship) so that they can feel reassured about joining Toyota Industries. After employment, we implement various measures to ensure that they receive fair opportunities for achieving growth and taking active roles. These include dispatching sign language interpreters when they receive training, providing tools to support communication, such as Boogie Board digital writing pads and UDTalk (a real-time speech-to-text app), having supervisors and senior members pay special attention to them and assigning counseling staff in the General Affairs Department at each plant, bachelors dormitories and the Human Resources Department in the Head Office. Through these efforts, we have established a system to support their workplaces. Moreover, we invite persons with disabilities as lecturers to each of our grade-based training programs to foster a deeper understanding of persons with disabilities and nurture a supportive workplace culture. n Creating an Age-Inclusive Workplace We provide practical digital skills education for experienced associates, who have broad work experience and perspectives, to learn the knowledge on digital technologies and know-how to use them through themed practical work in the workplace. They contribute to the workplace by actively promoting the use of digital technologies after finishing their education. Supporting Active Roles of Diverse Human Resources The ratio of older associates (ages 50–64) working in manufacturing departments reached about 70% (or 1,200 persons) at the end of fiscal 2024, and we expect that the percentage will continue to rise. In order to enable them to work and take active roles in production operations, we have been creating better, less physically stressful production lines for them. Efforts include setting up standards for the handling of heavy objects and a work environment that makes it easier for older associates to work, and improvement in processes using digital technologies. The number of processes updated in a worker-friendly way reached 2,200, and we plan to continue undertaking further improvements. n Efforts to Support Work-Life Balance We back up active roles of associates balancing work with family life by enhancing our support to individual associates in various life stages and creating an environment where they can work with peace of mind. As for childcare, in particular, we have been working to foster a culture that allows associates to take parental leave more easily and have already created an environment where all associates wishing to take such leave can do so. As a result of these efforts, Toyota Industries received Japan’s “Platinum Kurumin” certification and won a “Family-Friendly Company” award from the Aichi prefectural government. We also provide support for associates balancing work with fertility treatment or family care by providing a system of leave and financial aid. Road Map for Promoting Active Roles of Female Associates Training for newly promoted group managers Associates using the tool in the workplace Practical digital skills education for experienced associates Boogie Board tool to support communication Link to the action plan (in Japanese) Targets and Major Initiatives for Promoting Active Roles of Female Associates CSRMaterial Issue Target 1 Ratio of female managers: Double the ratio to 2.4% in fiscal 2025 and triple it to 3.6% in fiscal 2031 compared with fiscal 2015 when the target was defined Result 2.0%, or 1.7 times the fiscal 2015 level (as of March 31, 2024) Example efforts Training for newly promoted group leaders; training for career development for female associates; career development support through dialogue; formulating and implementing individual career plans; role model exchange meetings; pre-maternity leave seminars Target 2 Ratio of female graduate recruits: 40% in office work positions and 10% in engineering positions Result 53% in office work positions and 3% in engineering positions (among new hires in April 2024) Example efforts Recruitment events for female students; participating in initiatives of the Toyota Female Engineer Development Foundation Target 3 Ratio of male associates taking parental leave: 30% in fiscal 2026 Result 45.6% (fiscal 2024) Example efforts Providing videos describing systems for supporting work-life balance for expectant mothers, their spouses and supervisors; communicating relevant systems through a parental leave handbook for male associates Ratio of Associates with Disabilities (Non-Consolidated) and Legally Mandated Ratio 2.0 2.1 0 20 21 22 23 24 (FY) 2.2 2.3 (As of June 1 of each fiscal year) 2.6 2.5 2.4 (%) Ratio of associates with disabilities Legally mandated ratio CSRMaterial Issue > Ratio of associates with disabilities: 2.56% (non-consolidated) Phase 1 Establishing and enhancing work-life balance support systems to instill related practices 2002– 2008– 2015– Project to promote more active roles for female associates in office work and engineering positions Awareness-raising seminars for managers, career training for female associates, etc. 2019– Phase 2 Cultivating a culture to encourage more active roles Cultivating a culture • Opening a diversity-related page on the intranet • Female associate exchange meetings • Holding lectures Phase 3 Undertaking initiatives to promote even greater roles Working group for promoting active roles of female production associates Seminar for cultivating female associates for experts • Introducing a shorter work-hour system for childcare • Introducing a work-at- home system • Introducing a financial aid system for day care costs • Introducing a system of leave for fertility treatment • Installing delivery lockers (receiving delivery of online supermarket services) Enhancing support systems • Extending the period of parental leave • Introducing a leave system to allow parental care of children with illnesses • Establishing on-site day care center • Introducing a “welcome-back” system (allowing associates who have left work for specific reasons to get reinstated) Promoting active roles Supporting work-life balance Relationship with Our Associates 57 Toyota Industries Report 2024 56

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Relationship with
Our Stakeholders
[TABLE] Target 1
[TABLE] Result
[TABLE] Example
efforts
[TABLE] Target 2
[TABLE] Result
[TABLE] Example
efforts
[TABLE] Target 3
[TABLE] Result
[TABLE] Example
efforts
[TABLE] Legally mandated ratio
[TABLE] 2002– | 2008– | 2015– 2019–
[TABLE] gnitomorP selor
evitca | Cultivating a culture
• Opening a diversity-related page on the intranet
• Female associate exchange meetings
• Holding lectures | Project to promote more active roles for female
associates in office work and engineering positions
[TABLE] ecnalab
gnitroppuS
efil-krow

[PAGE 12]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Relationship with Our Stakeholders n Structure for Promoting Safety and Health Under our basic policy of placing a top priority on safety and health, we have been striving to eliminate accidents and occupational disorders. As part of such efforts, we have established the necessary committees, including the Central Safety and Health Committee and the Plant Safety and Health Committees. n Occupational Safety and Health Management System In accordance with the concept of an Occupational Safety and Health Management System (OSHMS/ISO 45001), we have established a required management structure in each plant (or business division) headed by the chair of each Plant Safety and Health Committee (responsible senior executive officer) and have been achieving improvements in safety and health activities on an ongoing basis from human, object and administrative standpoints based on risk assessment. n Safety and Health Improvement Flow of Safety and Health Activities In order to cultivate knowledge, awareness and the skills necessary to prevent accidents and disorders, Toyota Industries proactively provides safety and health education, including education required by law to cultivate relevant knowledge and skills and to raise safety and health awareness, in addition to grade-based education and job-category-based education. Through these efforts, we are promoting the development of human resources and workplaces that place the highest priority on safety. Prevention of Accidents and Disorders through Safety and Health Education of which parts of the equipment are shut down, the control category under which it is operating and safety feature checks by qualified equipment safety inspectors. Moreover, to make further efforts toward zero accidents, we believe that it is important to prevent accidents caused by the unsafe behavior of operators themselves, including taking a shortcut, omitting a step in a particular work process or showing disregard for safety. Since fiscal 2023, as part Since the occurrence of a serious accident in 2019, we have been working to eliminate accidents related to powered machinery and constantly upgrading our physical and administrative measures. Specifically, we have incorporated into our new and existing equipment a mechanism that cuts off power whenever an operator accesses a machine with its safety device disabled. We have also rebuilt our equipment safety assurance system. The system includes a visualization Prevention of Occurrence and Recurrence of Accidents and Disorders n Efforts for Mid-Career Recruitment We have been reinforcing mid-career recruitment to incorporate external knowledge. For office work and engineering positions, in particular, we have reinforced the recruitment of young persons with a few years of work experience to bring out their potential and plan to adopt a referral recruitment system*2 in addition to our conventional recruitment of work-ready persons with specialized knowledge. In fiscal 2025, we plan to increase the ratio of mid-career associates in office work and engineering positions to 32% of all main career track associates. In fiscal 2024, mid-career associates accounted for 14% of all new hires. They are assigned to their desired business divisions or job categories and after finishing induction training, take active roles in each workplace. For our production floors, we actively promote short-term workers to full-time associates to ensure stable production by securing excellent human resources. *2: A system of recruitment to receive referrals of potential associates from Toyota Industries associates Support During Pregnancy, Childbirth and Childcare Pregnancy Handbook for Balancing Work with Nursing Care On-demand pre-maternity leave seminars Childbirth Leave system for spouses whose wife is giving birth Providing childbirth gift money Return to work Interview with supervisor before returning to work to discuss how to work after being reinstated Work-life balance Shorter work hours for childcare In-house daycare centers (mutually available among five bases) Financial aid for childcare costs (for using babysitters, travel by family members and daycare center fees) Leave system to allow parental care of children with illnesses Other “Welcome-back” system (for associates who have left work to accompany their spouses for a job transfer or to provide child or family care) Inviting family members to Company events (plant tours, sports days, summer festivals, etc.) n Working with Colleagues from Different Countries Currently, some 53,000 associates are working at bases outside Japan, accounting for about 70% of all associates of the Toyota Industries Group. To foster a mutual understanding among associates working in different countries and regions, Toyota Industries actively dispatches associates to production bases and offices outside Japan on temporary assignments and as trainees. We also operate the Intra-Company Transferee (ICT) system to accept associates of overseas bases at Toyota Industries for a certain period. March 2022 March 2023 March 2024 Associates temporarily assigned overseas and expatriates 179 163 155 Trainees receiving training outside Japan 4 9 11 Number of Associates Sent Overseas (Temporarily Assigned, Expatriates and Trainees) March 2022 March 2023 March 2024 Associates registered under ICT system 8 4 19 Associates accepted under ICT system 0 2 16 Number of Associates Registered or Accepted under ICTSystem Support for Family Care Support for Fertility Treatment Leave system for family care Handbook for Balancing Work with Family Care Providing newsletters on family care On-demand seminars on family care Nursing home with care services operated by a Group company Leave system for fertility treatment Financial aid for the costs of fertility treatment Breakdown of New Hires FY2024 Results ■ New graduates (engineering) ■ New graduates (office work) ■ Mid-career associates (engineering) ■ Mid-career associates (office work) 14% FY2025 Plan 32% Based on the idea of building “a homelike atmosphere at work that is warm and friendly” as stated in the Toyoda Precepts, we formulated the Safety Vision in 2013 after holding repeated discussions on the “basic stance on safety” and “optimal safety we seek.” The vision has been instilled at all bases in the Toyota Industries Group. Basic Perspective Safety Vision Each and every associate in the Toyota Industries Group, guided by the spirit of our corporate creed, aims to create a corporate culture that places a top priority on maintaining safety in all areas and focuses on mutual courtesy and safety as well as realizing workplaces where associates work each day with a sense of happiness and pride. Management Council / Sustainability Committee Central Safety and Health Committee (Chaired by the responsible senior executive officer, etc.) (Held twice/year) Workplace Safety and Health Committees (Held once/month) Subcommittee on Improvement of Working Environment (Held twice/year) Plant Safety and Health Committees (Chaired by the responsible senior executive officer, etc.) (Held once/month) ACDPContinuous improvement Plans Occupational Safety and Health Policies Review by management Inspection and corrective measures Execution and operation Purpose Major Initiatives Acquire qualifications (cultivate personal skills) Licenses; skills seminars; special education; repeated education for capability improvement Raise safety and health awareness Education to improve ability to predict hazards; education to actually experience hazards (safety dojo) Prepare for roles associated with positions/grades Induction training; training for production associates; training for newly promoted senior experts and chief experts; training for newly promoted experts; safety and health manager education Prepare for job categories and business characteristics Education on emergency measures; education on equipment lockout; education for equipment safety inspectors; risk assessment education Relationship with Our Associates 59 Toyota Industries Report 2024 58

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Relationship with
Our Stakeholders
[TABLE] Pregnancy
[TABLE] Childbirth
[TABLE] Return to
work
[TABLE] Work-life
balance
[TABLE] Other
[TABLE] Central Safety and
(Chaired by the respon
officer, etc.) (H | Health Committee
sible senior executive
eld twice/year)
[TABLE] Plant Safety and H
(Chaired by the respon
officer, etc.) (He | ealth Committees
sible senior executive
ld once/month)
[TABLE] March 2022 | March 2023 | March 2024
[TABLE] Associates temporarily assigned
overseas and expatriates | 179 | 163
[TABLE] Trainees receiving training outside
Japan | 4 | 9
[TABLE] Purpose | Major Initiatives
[TABLE] Acquire qualifications
(cultivate personal skills)
[TABLE] Raise safety and health
awareness
[TABLE] Prepare for roles
associated with
positions/grades
[TABLE] Prepare for job
categories and business
characteristics
[TABLE] March 2022 | March 2023 | March 2024
[TABLE] Associates registered under
ICT system | 8 | 4
[TABLE] Associates accepted under
ICT system | 0 | 2

[PAGE 13]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Relationship with Our Stakeholders n Milestone Health Class As a collaborative initiative of Toyota Industries, its workers’ union and health insurance association, we conduct periodic age-based health education for all associates (every five years, from the age of 30) and offer a Milestone Health Class as part of this education. To provide motivation for better health, we provide feedback to associates on the results of an annual health checkup along with advice to improve lifestyle habits. In fiscal 2020, we started providing such information as physical fitness propensity scores and countermeasures, physical fitness for work, assessment of physical fitness age and recommended exercises to increase motivation for promoting physical fitness. n KENKOChallenge 8 Since fiscal 2022, we have continuously been promoting the “KENKOChallenge 8 (8 Challenges for a Healthier Lifestyle)” initiative to promote the cultivation of appropriate lifestyle habits in daily lives by defining eight lifestyle habits and giving each a score. To instill the initiative among associates and increase their health literacy*8, we provide the results of a KENKOChallenge 8 survey and health-related information to encourage behavior change. Additionally, in fiscal 2024, we analyzed n Health Prevention of Lifestyle Diseases the correlation between lifestyle habit scores and work performance and motivation and, based on the findings, held a lecture by an industrial physician at a meeting of the Plant Safety and Health Committee. With a declining labor force and aging society, it is essential to maintain the physical fitness of associates. However, the score for “Exercise” was lower than other lifestyle habit items defined in the initiative. In the future, we will promote various efforts and initiatives to encourage associates to exercise during a break or after work. *8: Knowledge, willingness and ability to obtain, understand and utilize health-related information n Weight Reduction Program To prevent and ameliorate metabolic syndrome, we implement a new weight reduction program that uses a body composition analyzer (BCA), in addition to providing the Milestone Health Class and health guidance to associates whose body mass index (BMI) is above 25.0. The program has led to reductions in the body-fat percentage and visceral fat level as well as behavior change among the participating associates. Some participants noted the use of a BCA makes it easier to see a difference (or a positive effect) as it visualizes their body shape. We plan to use a BCA in annual health checkups and health guidance to raise associates’ interest in changing themselves and provide better motivation for their behavior change. interview with a doctor for those wishing to do so, including making an individual recommendation to associates showing a high level of stress and those found to have tendencies of problems through the internal check, and providing improvement support to individual workplaces. Guidance using a BCAAs part of mental health support activities, we have in place a system to offer early consultation through a health-related hotline. Other activities include upgrading our self-care/ line-care education to prevent new cases of mental health problems and operating a return-to-work support program for persons on long-term leave for the prevention of relapses. We have successfully achieved positive results through these activities. As for activities for early detection, we have been continuously reinforcing line care by associates’ immediate supervisors and seeing an increase in cases seeking advice from the internal hotline while a problem is still in the mild stage. Since associates with milder mental health problems aim to recover while still on the job, we assist them in taking action themselves to restore their conditions as well as support the workplace in improving its work processes and environment. Additionally, we have been conducting an annual stress check on all associates since fiscal 2017. We feed back the check results to all participants and workplaces with suggestions for improvement while setting up an individual Mental Health Support Improving Mental Health Support System Individuals Workplaces Mental health education Providing information on mental health Preventive measures Early detection/ early resolution Preventing relapses Return-to-work support Support through stress check system Internal and external health-related hotlines <Self-care> Encouraging associates to be more aware of their health and offering advice on health improvement measures Understanding the causes of stress in the workplace and improving working environment <Line care> Supervisors recognizing and responding to problems of their subordinates Workplace Check Results Viewing System (Simultaneously viewing the results of morale surveys) Interviews as part of health checks of human-related measures, we have been undertaking an initiative to quantitatively assess the tendencies of individuals, namely risk perception and risk-taking attitude*3. In fiscal 2024, we laid down internal rules to consider individuals’ behavioral tendencies when selecting personnel for implementing emergency measures to deal with irregularities that may lead to very serious accidents and have thus reinforced our efforts to prevent accidents related to powered machinery. We will continue to work toward the development of safe workplaces and safety-oriented human resources based on an approach to always shut down a machine (cutting power) when something is wrong and make sure to prevent accidental operation by others (enforcing lockout) while taking fundamental measures to remove the root cause. *3: Risk perception: An ability to recognize a risk as a risk Risk-taking attitude: Tendency to intentionally accept a risk and act accordingly even when one perceives the risk n Formulation of Philosophy of Health Management Based on the basic perspective, we have formulated the Toyota Industries Group Declaration of Health Commitment. Centered on the idea that the health of associates and their families will vitalize the Company and lead to our sustainable growth, we will make Company- wide efforts to establish the foundation for health and productivity management. n Structure for Promoting Health To further reinforce our health and productivity management*7, we have established the Subcommittee for Promoting Health Creation, for which the Safety & Health Promotion Department and our health insurance association serve as an administrative office. The subcommittee, in which related departments and our workers’ union are participating, formulates medium- to long-term health targets and a strategy map (policy) for health and productivity management while exchanging views concerning associates’ health. It also creates improvement plans and continuously provides support for enhancing the health of associates. *7: Health and productivity management is a registered trademark of the NPOKenkokeiei Milestone Health Class Major Health Promotion Events in Fiscal 2024 Stop smoking awareness event Providing financial aid for various examinations (used by 1,189 associates) Held jointly with health insurance association in spring and fall (3,046 participants) World No Tobacco Day: One-day no smoking (May 31) No Smoking Days: Half-day no smoking (9 days/year) Walking events Early detection *4: Held only during the period from July to December in FY2022. *5: Average score at which associates are practicing the eight lifestyle habits (1. Desirable weight, 2. Breakfast, 3. Snacks, 4. Sleep, 5. Exercise, 6. Alcohol consumption, 7. No smoking, 8. Stress level) (Scale of 1 to 8) *6: Assessed using the conversion table of raw scores of the Brief Job Stress Questionnaire (1: High stress; 3: National average; and 5: Low stress on a five-point scale) FY2022 FY2023 FY2024 Participants of age-based health education*4 1,139 persons 2,576 persons 2,856 persons Average score of KENKOChallenge 8*5 5.54 5.58 5.67 Rate of undergoing a stress check 99% 99% 99% Overall assessment of the stress check results (National average: 3)*6 3.27 3.27 3.28 Major Activity Indicators President Central Safety and Health Committee (general safety and health manager) Subcommittee for Promoting Health Creation (Chair: head of the Safety & Health Promotion Department; Members: heads of each department) Corporate Planning Department Human Resources Department Workers’ union Business Unit Safety and General Affairs Department of each business division Health insurance association Safety & Health Promotion Department Administrative office Link to the declaration (in Japanese) As a task for the medium term, we are promoting health improvement of associates, mainly focusing on the prevention of lifestyle diseases and mental health support activities, to counter risks of health problems associated with aging and greater stress. To enable associates to work and take active roles over the long term, we provide support toward the cultivation of an autonomous health- oriented culture in which associates care about their own health and take action voluntarily and willingly. Basic Perspective Relationship with Our Associates CSRMaterial Issue Frequency Rate of Lost Workday Injuries (Non-Consolidated) Source: Survey on Industrial Accidents, Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare 0.00 20 21 22 23 24 (FY) 0.40 0.80 1.20 1.60 Manufacturing industry Toyota Industries Manufacturers of transportation machinery and equipment Good 61 Toyota Industries Report 2024 60

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Relationship with
Our Stakeholders
[TABLE] FY2022 | FY2023 | FY2024
[TABLE] Participants of age-based health
education*4 | 1,139
persons | 2,576
persons | 2,856
persons
[TABLE] Average score of KENKO Challenge 8*5 | 5.54 | 5.58 | 5.67
[TABLE] Rate of undergoing a stress check | 99% | 99% | 99%
[TABLE] Overall assessment of the stress check
results (National average: 3)*6 | 3.27 | 3.27 | 3.28
[TABLE] Stop smoking World No Tobacco Day: One-day no smoking (May 31)
awareness event No Smoking Days: Half-day no smoking (9 days/year)
[TABLE] Held jointly with health insurance association in spring and
Walking events
fall (3,046 participants)
[TABLE] Providing financial aid for various examinations
Early detection
(used by 1,189 associates)
[TABLE] Individuals | Workplaces
[TABLE] evitneverP serusaem | htlaeh
la | Mental heal | th education
[TABLE] Support through s | tress check system
[TABLE] <Self-care>
[TABLE] /noitceted noituloser
ylraE ylrae | tnem
no
noitamrofn | Encouraging associates to be
more aware of their health
and offering advice on health
improvement measures | Understanding the causes of
stress in the workplace and
improving working environment
[TABLE] Internal a
health-rel | nd external
ated hotlines
[TABLE] <Lin
Supervisor | e care>
s recognizing | Workplace Check Results
[TABLE] gnitneverP sespaler | i gnidivorP | Interviews as part of
health checks | and res
proble
subo | ponding to
ms of their
rdinates | Viewing System
(Simultaneously viewing the
results of morale surveys)
[TABLE] Return-to-w | ork support
[TABLE] Central Safety and Health Committee (gen | eral safety and health manager)
[TABLE] Administrative office
[TABLE] Safety & Health
Promotion Department
[TABLE] Health insurance
association

[PAGE 14]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Relationship with Our Stakeholders Basic Perspective Relationship with Our Local Communities Based on the Sustainability Policy and as a global company, Toyota Industries seeks to contribute broadly to society through all its corporate activities conducted in each country and region. Simultaneously, we aim to realize a sustainable society and the growth of local communities with an emphasis on the areas of social welfare, youth development, environmental protection and community contribution. While providing cooperation and support through personnel, facilities, funds and know-how, we undertake initiatives to promote employees’ participation in social contribution activities. n Implementation Structure We have established the Social Contribution Group within the General Administration Department in the Head Office. Each plant and Group company of Toyota Industries around the world collaborates with each other and promotes social contribution activities matched to the local characteristics and needs while cooperating with NPOs and interacting with local community members. We promote a range of activities for employees of Toyota Industries and its Group companies to increase their interest in social issues and cultivate a mindset to always think about what they can do to address these issues. Such activities include donating one item per person to help welfare facilities hold a charity bazaar; social welfare, youth development and environmental protection activities of employee associations*1; providing information on volunteer activities via the intranet; and presenting examples of social contribution activities of Group companies across the world. In this way, we provide various opportunities and venues to participate in social contribution activities. *1: Voluntary organizations formed by employees at each job level We hold local community meetings for the purpose of sharing and resolving various issues in each community. These meetings are attended by local community representatives and responsible persons of Toyota Industries in the general administration, environment and other relevant departments. Depending on the theme of the meeting, representatives from the local government also join. Participants exchange opinions not only on our business activities and associated environmental risks but also on local events and activities for crime/disaster prevention and traffic safety. Enlightenment Activities Dialogue with Local Communities Theme Activities Social welfare Events to interact with persons with disabilities (Japan) “Welfare Festival,” farming experience, Walk Rally (orienteering) and other events Donating and leasing free of charge of materials handling equipment (worldwide) Christmas donations (worldwide) Partnership with an employment transition support facility (U.S.A.) p. 63 Youth development Providing monozukuri workshops (worldwide) Holding plant tours and work experience events (worldwide) Holding mini concerts at elementary schools (Japan) Dream Project (India) p. 63 Theme Activities Environmental protection Providing environmental education program for children (worldwide) Donating benches that made effective use of thinned wood (Japan) Tree-planting activities to curb global warming (worldwide) Cleanup activities (worldwide) Education to raise children’s environmental awareness (Brazil) p. 63 Community contribution Participation in traditional events (Japan, India, Germany) Volunteer activities to give back to local communities (Japan, U.S.A.) Repair of welfare facilities, tree pruning, park maintenance, etc. Cooperating in disaster prevention and fire-fighting activities (Japan, U.S.A., Germany) Blood donation (worldwide) p. 63 Other Holding charity concert (Japan) Disaster relief and humanitarian support (worldwide) Major Social Contribution Activities of Toyota Industries and Group Companies Cooperating in a Christmas party in a welfare facility (employee associations) Local community meeting In cooperation with the environmental agency of the local government, TMHM-B, which engages in the sales and servicing of materials handling equipment, hosted an event for children to plant multiple plants in a flowerpot made by reusing plastic waste. The 50 children first created flowerpots by adding rabbit ears and faces to plastic containers and then planted their favorite flowers and herbs. In September 2023, TMHM-B conducted an environmental awareness lecture at school to spread awareness of the importance of protecting trees and forests, which was attended by 60 students and teachers. Activity Examples of Toyota Industries Group For more than 40 years, Cascade has been partnering with the Kay Service Center*2, an employment transition support facility, to help persons with disabilities to be themselves and live comfortably in the community with meaningful jobs. Together with Cascade employees, they engage in activities to support production. The experience of working and communicating with various people, both with and without disabilities, helps them grow further. In June 2023, Cascade made a donation under the Cascade Corporate Giving Program. *2: A facility supporting adults with disabilities to develop a maximum level of independence in the community TIEI promotes its Dream Project based on the belief that education forms the foundation for all people. While working with the local government, TIEI has created excellent educational infrastructure by rebuilding an old elementary school with digitalized “smart” classes and eco- friendly facilities. On November 29, 2023, community residents, teachers and students attended a ceremony to officially pass the new building over to the government’s educational agency. From fiscal 2025 onward, TIEI plans to support study sessions for teachers and initiatives for children’s growth (learning, sports and cultural activities) to improve the quality of education. TIEI intends to contribute to the comprehensive growth of children and the development of local communities together with local governments and community members. In fiscal 2024, 1,034 members of Toyota Industries and 11 Group companies in five countries donated blood. We cooperate with the Red Cross through blood and other donations and volunteer activities and by lending our products. Toyota Material Handling (TMH) worked jointly with the American Red Cross and supported their development through the completion of a new bloodmobile. The vehicle can accommodate four donors simultaneously, with an annual collection capacity of approximately 6 million ml of blood. It is designed with built-in measures to counter infectious diseases and is the first in the United States equipped with solar panels. n Status of Social Contribution Activities in Fiscal 2024 Ceremony to hand over the new school building Children showing off their original flowering pots New bloodmobile built with TMH’s support U.S.A. Partnership with an Employment Transition Support Facility Cascade Corporation (Cascade) Social welfare India Dream Project—Aiming for Community Development via Educational Support Toyota Industries Engine India Pvt. Ltd. (TIEI) Youth development Brazil Education to Raise Children’s Environmental Awareness Toyota Material Handling Mercosur Indústria e Comércio de Equipamentos Ltda (TMHM-B) Environmental protection Worldwide Blood Donation Community contribution Relationship with Our Local Communities To contribute to the harmonious and sustainable development of the earth and society, we actively undertake social contribution activities while respecting the culture, traditions and history of each country. 26,005 persons from 100 companies ¥1,001,345,000*3 Grand total 12,272 persons from 69 companies Total for major consolidated subsidiaries outside Japan Activity expenses: ¥323,754,000 6,769 persons from 1 company Total for Toyota Industries Corporation Activity expenses: ¥638,969,000 6,964 persons from 30 companies Total for major consolidated subsidiaries in Japan Activity expenses: ¥38,622,000 *3: On a consolidated basis including Toyota Industries Corporation and its major subsidiaries as of March 31, 2024 CSRMaterial Issue Toyota Industries Report 2024 62 63

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Relationship with
Our Stakeholders
[TABLE] U.S.A. | Partnership with an Employment Transition Support Facility
Cascade Corporation (Cascade) | Social welfare
[TABLE] India | Dream Project—Aiming for Community Development via Educational Support
Toyota Industries Engine India Pvt. Ltd. (TIEI) | Youth
development
[TABLE] Brazil | Education to Raise Children’s Environmental Awareness
Toyota Material Handling Mercosur Indústria e Comércio de Equipamentos Ltda (TMHM-B) | Environmental
protection
[TABLE] Worldwide | Blood Donation | Community
contribution
[TABLE] Theme | Activities
[TABLE] Social welfare | Events to interact with persons with disabilities (Japan)
“Welfare Festival,” farming experience, Walk Rally
(orienteering) and other events
Donating and leasing free of charge of materials
handling equipment (worldwide)
Christmas donations (worldwide)
Partnership with an employment transition support
facility (U.S.A.) p. 63
[TABLE] Youth development | Providing monozukuri workshops (worldwide)
Holding plant tours and work experience events
(worldwide)
Holding mini concerts at elementary schools (Japan)
Dream Project (India) p. 63
[TABLE] Theme | Activities
[TABLE] Environmental
protection | Providing environmental education program for children
(worldwide)
Donating benches that made effective use of thinned
wood (Japan)
Tree-planting activities to curb global warming
(worldwide)
Cleanup activities (worldwide)
Education to raise children’s environmental
awareness (Brazil) p. 63
[TABLE] Community
contribution | Participation in traditional events (Japan, India,
Germany)
Volunteer activities to give back to local communities
(Japan, U.S.A.)
Repair of welfare facilities, tree pruning, park
maintenance, etc.
Cooperating in disaster prevention and fire-fighting
activities (Japan, U.S.A., Germany)
Blood donation (worldwide) p. 63
[TABLE] Other | Holding charity concert (Japan)
Disaster relief and humanitarian support (worldwide)
[TABLE] Total for major consolidated
subsidiaries outside Japan
[TABLE] 12,272 persons from 69 companies
[TABLE] Activity expenses: ¥323,754,000
[TABLE] Total for Toyota Industries Corporation
[TABLE] 6,769 persons from 1 company
[TABLE] Activity expenses: ¥638,969,00 | 0
[TABLE] Grand total
[TABLE] 26,005 persons from 100 companies
[TABLE] ¥1,001,345,000*3
[TABLE] Total for major consolidated
subsidiaries in Japan
[TABLE] 6,964 persons from 30 companies
[TABLE] Activity expenses: ¥38,622,000

[PAGE 15]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Structure Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Structure Toyota Industries strives to enhance its corporate value in a stable manner over the long term and maintains society’s trust by earnestly fulfilling its social responsibilities in accordance with its Basic Philosophy. To that end, Toyota Industries endeavors to further enhance its corporate governance in its efforts to maintain and improve management efficiency and the fairness and transparency of its corporate activities. Link to the Corporate Governance Report (in Japanese) (As of June 11, 2024) Instructions/Supervision (Instructions/Supervision) (Integration) Report Report Suggestion Cooperation Audit Audit Accounting Audit Report Report Instructions Appointment/Supervision Discussion/Report Discussion/Report Restart Committee etc. etc. Compliance Committee Risk Management Committee Sustainability Committee Quality Functional Meeting Production Functional Meeting Human Resources Functional Meeting Executive Officers’ Meeting Management Committee Chief Officers Head Office Function Management Environmental Committee Safety and Health Committee Export Transaction Controls Committee Internal Audit Office Selection/Dismissal Selection/Dismissal Selection/Dismissal Executive Appointment and Compensation Committee (The majority are independent outside directors) <Including governance> Decision-making/supervision Audit Business execution Accounting Auditor Supervision/ management across the company Audit & Supervisory Board 4 auditors (including 2 independent outside auditors) Division/ Company/ Subsidiary/ Affiliates Shareholders’ Meetings President 7 directors (including 3 independent outside directors) Board of Directors On-site dialogue Audit & Supervisory Board Office Monitoring Monitoring Deliberation and sharing of important agenda items in each function Toyota Industries regards the most important managerial task is to earn trust broadly from society and enhance our corporate value on a stable, long-term basis. We aim to do this task based on our Basic Philosophy and by earnestly fulfilling our social responsibilities. Our basic focus is on contributing to the creation of an enriched society through business activities, and we believe it is essential to cultivate good relationships with stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, business partners, creditors, local communities and employees. Accordingly, we strive to enhance our corporate governance in order to maintain and improve management efficiency, fairness and transparency. For example, we have established a structure to quickly and flexibly respond to changes in the business environment and have been working to augment management oversight and ensure the timely disclosure of information. More specifically, the following basic policies drive our initiatives. (1) We seek to ensure shareholders’ rights and equality. (2) We seek to promote appropriate collaboration with stakeholders other than shareholders (including customers, business partners, creditors, local communities and employees). (3) We seek to conduct appropriate information disclosure and ensure transparency. (4) We seek to perform the roles and duties of the Board of Directors appropriately in order to make decisions in a transparent, fair, quick and resolute manner. (5) We seek to promote a constructive dialogue with shareholders. Basic Perspective on Corporate Governance Toyota Industries convenes monthly meetings of the Board of Directors to resolve important management matters and monitor the execution of duties by directors. We appoint outside directors who have a wealth of experience and knowledge such as business management. They attend meetings of the Board of Directors and give opinions and ask questions as deemed necessary based on their individual, wide-ranging experience and insights related to the management of globally operating companies and monozukuri (manufacturing). Through this supervisory function of outside directors, we ensure the legality and validity of the Board’s decisions as well as the directors’ execution of duties from an objective perspective. Moreover, a variety of issues concerning important management matters, such as our corporate vision, management policies, medium-term business strategies and major investments, as well as crucial projects in each business division, are discussed by the Management Committee, which is composed of the president, executive vice president, chief officers and audit & supervisory board members as well as relevant senior executive officers and other executives, prior to deliberation by the Board of Directors. At the Executive Officers’ Meeting, the president, executive vice president, chief officers and senior executive officers convene to report and confirm the monthly status of business operations and discuss business and functional issues. In addition, issues pertaining to quality, production and human resources are discussed at the corresponding functional meetings. We have also put in place committees to deliberate on more specific matters, such as compliance, risk management, sustainability, the environment, safety and health as well as export transaction controls. These functional meetings and committees discuss important matters and action themes in respective areas. Furthermore, in response to the engine certification issue, we established a Restart Committee to promote recurrence prevention measures. Moreover, we strive to maintain and improve internal controls by establishing the Internal Audit Office and conducting internal audits of Toyota Industries’ business divisions and departments as well as our subsidiaries. Implementation Structure Initiatives for Enhancing Corporate Governance 1971 Introduced a divisional organization system 2006 Reduced the number of directors (from 30 to 17) Introduced a managing officer system 2010 Appointed independent members of management 2016 Established the Executive Appointment Committee and Executive Compensation Committee Reduced the number of directors (from 17 to 11) 2017 Conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors 2019 Revised executive management structure and reduced the number and rank of executives 2022 Revised the composition of the Board of Directors (independent outside directors accounting for a third or more of the total number of members) 2023 Reorganized the Executive Appointment Committee and Executive Compensation Committee into the Executive Appointment and Compensation Committee, with its chairperson position now assigned to an independent outside director 2024 Established chief officer (CxO) positions Appointed a female director Selection and Dismissal of Senior Management and Appointment of Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Candidates Appointment of Independent Members of Management As a publicly listed company, Toyota Industries strives to ensure the fairness and transparency of management. Following the Securities Listing Regulations stipulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange and Nagoya Stock Exchange, respectively, to further enhance our corporate governance, Toyota Industries has appointed as independent members of management three outside directors and two outside audit & supervisory board members who are deemed to have no conflicts of interest with our shareholders. n Experience and Expertise of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members CEO or equivalent position of business enterprise Knowledge of industries Technology development, manufacturing IT and digital technologies Finance and accounting Legal affairs and risk management ESGInternationality Materials handling equipment Automobile Textile machinery Directors Shigeki Terashi ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Koichi Ito ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Akira Onishi ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Shuzo Sumi ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Junichi Handa ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Kazunari Kumakura ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Takako Shimizu ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Audit & supervisory board members Toru Inagawa ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Toru Watanabe ○ ○ ○ ○ Akihisa Mizuno ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Masanao Tomozoe ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ Policies and Procedures for Selection (and Dismissal) of Senior Management and Appointment of Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Candidates We appoint candidates from the viewpoint of placing the right persons in the right positions. As director candidates, we appoint persons capable of making sound and quick decisions about corporate management in general, managing risk appropriately and monitoring the execution of business operations. In appointing audit & supervisory board member candidates, we ensure a balance among the financial, accounting and legal insights, knowledge of our business fields and the diversity of perspectives on corporate management. We also select senior management members from the viewpoint of placing the right persons in the right positions, while considering a balance of their abilities to cover each function and business division of Toyota Industries in executing business operations. We will consider dismissal if a certain situation precludes sufficient execution of duties. Based on these policies, we review proposals, exchange views and confirm details at the Executive Appointment and Compensation Committee, which is chaired by an independent outside director and a majority of which comprising independent outside directors, and then submit these proposals to the Board of Directors for resolution. Toyota Industries Report 2024 64 65

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Corporate Governance
[TABLE] Link to the Corporate
Governance Report
(in Japanese)
[TABLE] Selection/Dismissal
[TABLE] CEO or
equivalent
position of
business
enterprise | Knowledge of industries | Technology
development,
manufacturing | IT and digital
technologies | Finance and
accounting | Legal affairs
and risk
management | ESG | Internationality
[TABLE] Materials
handling
equipment | Automobile | Textile
machinery
[TABLE] Directors | Shigeki Terashi | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Koichi Ito | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Akira Onishi | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Shuzo Sumi | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Junichi Handa | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Kazunari Kumakura | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Takako Shimizu | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Audit &
supervisory
board
members | Toru Inagawa | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Toru Watanabe | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Akihisa Mizuno | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Masanao Tomozoe | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○ | ○
[TABLE] Instructions
[TABLE] President
[TABLE] Instructions/Supervision
[TABLE] Chief Officers | (Instructions/Supervision)
(Integration) | Supervision/
management
across the company
[TABLE] Head Office Function Management
[TABLE] Management Committee
Executive Officers’ Meeting | On-site
Division/
Company/
Subsidiary/ dialogu
Affiliates
[TABLE] Discussion/Report
[TABLE] Quality Functional Meeting
Production Functional Meeting
Human Resources Functional Meeting
etc.
[TABLE] e
[TABLE] Deliberation and sh | Deliberation and sh | aring of important agenda items in each function
[TABLE] Restart Committee
[TABLE] Compliance Committee
[TABLE] Safety and Health Committee
[TABLE] Export Transaction Controls Committee
[TABLE] Production Functional Meeting
[TABLE] Human Resources Functional Meeting

[PAGE 16]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Structure Link to the presentation material for fiscal 2024 Determination of Compensation for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members Matters Related to Policy for Determining Individual Compensation for Directors n Basic Perspective • We ensure fairness and transparency. • We emphasize incentives for achieving better business performance and sustainable growth, link compensation with the business performance of Toyota Industries and reflect individual duties and performance. n Compensation Structure • Compensation for directors consists of fixed compensation (basic compensation) and performance- linked compensation (bonuses and restricted share compensation). • However, non-executive directors such as outside directors are paid only fixed compensation as they are independent of the execution of business operations. n Method of Determining Individual Compensation • We have established the Executive Appointment and Compensation Committee consisting of Toyota Industries’ president and independent outside directors. • To ensure the Committee’s objectivity and transparency, we have a rule that independent outside directors serve as a chairman and make up half or more of the total number of its members. • The Executive Appointment and Compensation Committee deliberates on a policy for determining individual compensation for directors, proposed compensation for each director and important matters related to compensation. • The Board of Directors votes on the policy based on the results of deliberations made at the Executive Appointment and Compensation Committee. • From the standpoint of determining directors’ individual compensation amounts flexibly and swiftly, the Board of Directors delegates the related decision-making authority to the president (or to the chairman). • The president (or the chairman) determines the directors’ individual compensation amounts based on the policy and the results of deliberations made at the Executive Appointment and Compensation Committee. n Composition Ratio • The ratio of fixed compensation and performance- linked compensation (bonuses and restricted share compensation) for directors, excluding non-executive directors such as outside directors, is approximately 50:50. However, Toyota Industries is not precluded from using a ratio different from the above, depending on the circumstances of the consolidated operating profit amount and others. • The ratio of bonuses to restricted share compensation in the performance-linked compensation is approximately 70:30. n Policy for Determining Fixed Compensation, Bonuses (together, “Cash Compensation”) and Restricted Share Compensation [Cash Compensation] • The cash compensation paid to directors after combining fixed compensation and bonuses is determined to be ¥700 million or less per year (including ¥150 million or less per year for outside directors). [Fixed Compensation] • Fixed compensation for directors consists of monthly salaries, which are paid periodically while in service. • We determine a reasonable level of individual compensation amounts while giving consideration to other companies’ compensation levels as well as the rank and duties of each director. [Bonuses] • We pay a bonus at a certain time after the end of the General Shareholders’ Meeting in each fiscal year. • The bonus is determined by using the consolidated operating profit as the indicator and is approximately 70% of the total amount of performance-linked compensation calculated for each rank based on the amount of consolidated operating profit for the previous fiscal year. The bonus will be 100% of the total amount of performance-linked compensation if there is a reason for not providing directors with restricted share compensation. • In determining the total amount of performance-linked compensation, we give comprehensive consideration to dividends, employees’ and other companies’ bonus levels, past records of bonus payments and execution of duties and assigned work. [Restricted Share Compensation] • Restricted share compensation is paid at a certain time after the end of the General Shareholders’ Meeting in each fiscal year. If there is a reason for not providing directors with restricted share compensation, all of their performance-linked compensation is paid as a bonus and restricted share compensation is not paid. • Compensation paid to provide restricted share units is a pecuniary claim, and the total amount is ¥200 million or less per year separate from the director’s fixed compensation and bonus. The class of shares allotted is common share (with a transfer restriction attached to the allotment contract), which is issued or transferred, and the total number is 60,000 shares or less per year (if the total number of Toyota Industries’ outstanding shares has changed due to a share split or reverse share split, including the allotment of shares without contribution, the ceiling amount is adjusted according to the ratio), as per the resolution approved at the 146th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders. • The restricted share compensation is determined by using the consolidated operating profit as the indicator and is approximately 30% of the total amount of performance-linked compensation calculated for each rank based on the amount of consolidated operating profit for the previous fiscal year. • Restricted share compensation is provided on the condition that an allotment contract, which includes the following provisions, is concluded. § A transfer restriction is attached to the shares allotted for a period between three years and 30 years from the date of allotment, which is determined in advance by the Board of Directors, and the restriction will be lifted at the expiration of the period. The transfer restriction will be lifted if a director has retired from their position due to the expiration of their term of office, death or other legitimate reasons. § If a director violates a law or any of the events specified by the Board of Directors occurs during the period of transfer restriction, Toyota Industries may acquire all or part of the shares allotted for no consideration. Compensation for Audit & Supervisory Board Members Compensation for audit & supervisory board members is fixed remuneration only, and is determined through discussions among audit & supervisory board members in accordance with certain standards established by Toyota Industries. Efforts for Undertaking Management Conscious of Capital Cost and Stock Prices To enhance our corporate value over the medium to long term, Toyota Industries focuses on management conscious of capital cost while working to provide products and services that anticipate market needs and benefit society. Specifically, we aim for a return on equity (ROE) of 6% in around 2026 or 2027. In the medium to long term, we will seek an even higher ROE and greater corporate value with a focus on increasing profitability, reducing shareholders’ equity by trimming stock holdings, which include cross- shareholdings, and investing in infrastructure. Other key efforts are growth-oriented research and development, proactive M&A investment, shareholder returns through dividends and flexible share buyback and dialogue with the market. Please refer to the following for details. Executive category Total compensation (¥ million) Total compensation by type (¥ million) No. of applicable executives Fixed compensation (Basic compensation) Bonuses (Compensation linked to business performance) Director (Of which, outside director) 350 (36) 216 (36) 133 (—) 8 (3) Audit & supervisory board member (Of which, outside audit & supervisory board member) 91 (27) 91 (27) — (—) 4 (2) Total 442 308 133 12 Notes: 1. The figures include two directors (of whom one outside director) who resigned at the conclusion of the 145th General Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 9, 2023. 2. Bonuses show the amounts approved by resolution of the Board of Directors meeting held on May 17, 2024. 3. At the 132nd General Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 23, 2010, it was determined that the compensation for audit & supervisory board members is to be within ¥15 million per month. Compensation for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members Meetings of the Board of Directors and Relevant Committees Meeting body No. of meetings held per year Average attendance rate Board of Directors 13 99% (Directors and audit & supervisory board members) Audit & Supervisory Board 14 100% (Audit & supervisory board members) With regard to the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, we conduct questionnaire surveys and interviews mainly with outside directors and audit & supervisory board members and hold discussions with them to increase effectiveness. The following summarizes the results of their evaluation. n Evaluation 1) The Board holds lively and constructive discussion with its atmosphere welcoming open opinions. 2) The Board discloses issues and risks associated with business execution openly to outside directors and is operated in a sound manner. 3) The Board is functioning effectively in terms of appropriate decision-making and management oversight as it has been made customary to report and deliberate on important matters several times to make sure that these matters are thoroughly discussed prior to the resolution. n Suggestions for Further Improvement of the Effectiveness 1) The Board should continue to monitor the status of response to compliance-related matters and risks on a periodical basis. 2) The Board should increase reporting on post-project assessment of M&As and investments, in addition to business and financial strategies aimed at growth over the medium to long term. 3) For important topics, it is recommended to provide opportunities, separate from the Board meetings, to invite the heads of respective business divisions for casual discussion. As shown above, Toyota Industries’ Board of Directors has been evaluated as effective. Nonetheless, we will undertake efforts to further increase the effectiveness on a continuous basis. Effectiveness of the Board of Directors and Its Evaluation 67 Toyota Industries Report 2024 66

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Corporate Governance
[TABLE] Executive
category | Tot
Total
compensation
(¥ million) com
com | al compensation by type
(¥ million) | No. of
applicable
executives
[TABLE] Fixed
pensation
(Basic
pensation) | Bonuses
(Compensation
linked to
business
performance)
[TABLE] Director
(Of which,
outside director) | 350
(36) | 216
(36) | 133
(—)
[TABLE] Audit &
supervisory
board member
(Of which,
outside audit
& supervisory
board member) | 91
(27) | 91
(27) | —
(—)
[TABLE] Total | 442 | 308 | 133
[TABLE] Meeting body | No. of
meetings
per yea | held Average attendance rate
r
[TABLE] Board of Directors | 13
[TABLE] Audit &
Supervisory Board | 14

[PAGE 17]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Structure / Cross-Shareholdings / Internal Control System / Sustainability Implementation Structure Link to Sustainability Policy Cross-Shareholdings Internal Control System Toyota Industries has four audit & supervisory board members, two of whom are full-time members and two of whom are outside members. The four members attend meetings of the Board of Directors and provide their opinions as appropriate. The full-time members also attend other important meetings and receive reports on the execution of duties by directors and other responsible persons. They work to monitor and provide advice on the management status through on-site audits at the Head Office, major business sites and subsidiaries, thereby contributing to the maintenance and improvement of internal controls. They also collaborate appropriately with the In accordance with the Companies Act, in May 2006 Toyota Industries’ Board of Directors adopted the Basic Policies for the Establishment of an Internal Control System (Basic Policies) to ensure compliance, risk management as well as the effectiveness and efficiency of business operations by incorporating these policies into each business segment’s accounting auditor and the Internal Audit Office. Meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board are held every month to share information on audits conducted by full-time members with outside members, to receive reports on important business statuses from Board members and responsible persons, and to receive reports from the accounting auditor regarding how key audit matters have been examined and determined. At these meetings, the members also discuss and make decisions on important matters, such as audit policies and plans, the audit method used by the accounting auditor and the appropriateness of their audit results. annual policies and day-to-day routine management. However, following our legal violations related to engine certification in Japan, we initiated efforts to prevent recurrence while going back to the basics and making a fresh start, vowing never to commit such misconduct again. At the same time, we decided to revise our Basic Policies, and the decision was approved by Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Audit & Supervisory Board Each year, the Board of Directors verifies if the purpose of cross-shareholdings is appropriate and if associated benefits and risks are commensurate with capital cost. More specifically, we annually conduct a survey on the significance of cross-shareholdings with responsible departments to pick out less significant investee companies and examine whether to sell their shares. At the same time, we carry out verification based on quantitative information, such as profitability indicators of investee companies and investment returns compared to capital cost. If those investee companies are found to be below our criteria as a result of the verification, we again examine the significance of holding their shares and consider selling these shares. In fiscal 2024, we sold shares of two investee companies. Verifying Appropriateness of Cross-Shareholdings While respecting the management policies of individual investee companies, we determine how we exercise our voting rights by checking each item on the agenda from the perspectives of medium- to long-term enhancement of corporate value, policy concerning shareholder returns, corporate governance and social responsibility. Exercise of Voting Rights Toyota Industries’ basic policy is not to own cross-shareholdings unless there is a rational reason to do so. On the other hand, collaboration, such as maintaining and reinforcing business relationships with business partners, is essential to sustainably enhance our corporate value. We thus hold shares as needed based on our business strategies. Policy on Cross-Shareholdings resolution of the Board of Directors in April 2024. In order to never repeat the same mistake, we will foster a culture of noticing and always pausing when something is wrong and make improvements by engaging all employees. We will also establish an organization and system to respond to risk appropriately and make optimum allocation of management resources. In executing actual business operations, we will remain sincere and conduct proper manufacturing, incorporate a mechanism, including a check function, into our corresponding processes, and simultaneously work to nurture human resources to practice such sincere, proper manufacturing. We assess the implementation status at the end of each fiscal year and determine actions for the coming year, including reviewing the implementation structure and enhancing day-to- day operational management. Furthermore, based on the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law (so-called Japanese Sarbanes-Oxley Act (J-SOX)), we have established and appropriately operated an internal control system to maintain the reliability of financial reporting. The system’s status and progress are reviewed by the Internal Audit Office and audited by independent auditors. We determine which Toyota Industries Group companies fall within the scope of J-SOX based on the degree of impact on the reliability of financial reporting. We determined that our internal controls over financial reporting as of the end of fiscal 2024 were effective, and accordingly, submitted an Internal Control Report in June 2024. The report was reviewed by independent auditors and judged fair in their Internal Control Audit Report. Annual financial report Internal Control Report Internal Control Audit Report Improvement of internal controls Detection of deficiencies Review of internal controls by Internal Audit Office Internal control activities undertaken by each department and consolidated subsidiary (Establishment and operation of internal controls) Audit on internal controls by independent auditors Internal Control Assessment System (Based on J-SOX) Sustainability Implementation Structure Based upon our belief that the realization of the Toyoda Precepts (corporate creed) and Basic Philosophy makes a contribution to a sustainable society, Toyota Industries has established the CSRCommittee to determine the directions for Group-wide activities in accordance with the Toyota Industries Group Sustainability Policy, approve action plans and evaluate the results and has undertaken relevant activities. To focus on sustainability-related activities, we reorganized the committee into the Sustainability Committee (chairperson: executive in charge of enterprise risk and compliance management) on April 1, 2024. The Sustainability Committee deliberates and makes decisions on the Group-wide issues concerning sustainability and risk, including the CSRMateriality. These issues are also, as deemed necessary, reported to and deliberated on by the Board of Directors. Each division and Group company incorporates these decisions into their specific activities and carries them out. Sustainability Committee (Formerly CSRCommittee) Frequency Generally once a year (and as necessary) Chairperson Executive in charge of enterprise risk and compliance management Members Chairman, president, executive vice president, general managers of each business division, administrative manager, executive in charge of human resources, executive in charge of accounting, executive in charge of the environment, senior technical executives, related senior executive officers/executive officers, full-time audit & supervisory board members, and external experts Office Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management Department Main Agenda • Approve action plans on sustainability, encompassing CSRMateriality, and targets (medium term and full year) and evaluate activity results • Determine the direction of our approach to sustainability that captures the opinions of stakeholders and social trends • Revise the Sustainability Policy 69 Toyota Industries Report 2024 68

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Corporate Governance
[TABLE] Internal Contr
Report
[TABLE] Internal Contr
Audit Report
[TABLE] Frequency
[TABLE] Chairperson
[TABLE] Members
[TABLE] Office
[TABLE] Main Agenda

[PAGE 18]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Corporate Governance Respect for Human Rights Link to the policy Commitment Toyota Industries Group Human Rights Policy Identify and assess negative impacts on human rights Prevent and reduce Grievance mechanism Human rights due diligence Stakeholder engagement Education and awareness-raising activities Correction and remediation Follow up (monitor) Disclose information Respect for Human Rights Toyota Industries endeavors to make the earth a better place to live and enrich society based on the Toyoda Precepts (corporate creed). We recognize that in order for us to continuously contribute to the harmonious and sustainable development of the earth and society, it is essential not only to ensure legal compliance but also respect the human rights of all people involved in our corporate activities. Under this recognition, we have been promoting our initiatives to respect human rights in accordance with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Basic Perspective Toyota Industries Group’s Framework for Promoting Respect for Human Rights Under the framework for promoting respect for human rights, which has been formulated based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, Toyota Industries is working to ensure respect for the human rights of all stakeholders (employees, suppliers, business partners, local community members, including indigenous peoples, and customers) throughout the value chain concerning the Group’s businesses. Toyota Industries has formulated the Toyota Industries Group Human Rights Policy (“Human Rights Policy”) under the belief that we should step up our ongoing human rights initiatives. While giving consideration to the opinions and information provided by external experts and other parties, the Human Rights Policy was formulated after discussions and approval by the CSRCommittee (currently the Sustainability Committee). It is positioned as the highest-level policy related to human rights within the Toyota Industries Group. In our Human Rights Policy, we declare that we respect internationally recognized human rights (prohibiting forced labor and child labor, ensuring the right to freedom of association and eliminating discrimination, etc.) as specified in the International Bill of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. We also endorse the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and pledge to make efforts to practice these principles. Human Rights Policy Human Rights Issues Covered by the Toyota Industries Group Human Rights Policy Wages (minimum wage, living wage); excessive or inappropriate work hours; occupational safety and health; social security; harassment; immigrant labor, forced labor and other modern slavery; child and young labor; discrimination (against race, nationality, gender, LGBTQ+, persons with disabilities and discriminated communities, etc.); diversity, equity and inclusion; restrictions on the freedom to choose and change residence (corporate activities forcing local residents to leave their homes, forcing employees to accept job relocations); freedom of association; human rights issues related to technology and AI; privacy; consumers’ safety and right to know; freedom of expression; indigenous peoples and local residents (health of local residents, conservation of the environment in communities, land rights, access to water, noise reduction, etc.); the environment and climate change; intellectual property rights; acts of corruption; supply chain management; access to remediation, etc. Toyota Industries recognizes that the Group’s corporate activities, from research and development to procurement and provision of products and services, may directly or indirectly impact human rights. To respond to various human rights issues, we have established the Human Rights Task Team, which is led by the Human Resources Department and We conduct human rights due diligence to specify, prevent and mitigate negative impacts on human rights caused by the Toyota Industries Group’s corporate activities. The Human Rights Task Team has evaluated human rights issues relevant to the corporate activities of the Toyota Industries Group, which were identified based on Amid the growing attention to protecting and respecting the human rights of non-Japanese workers, Toyota Industries regards forced labor of non-Japanese trainees working under Japan’s Technical Intern Training Program as one of its priority human rights issues. External experts have pointed out that there is possibly a risk of forced labor when accepting trainees from overseas through local brokers, as these brokers may charge exorbitant placement fees to trainees, who end up coming to Japan with a huge debt. Toyota Industries periodically conducts a survey to check trainee enrollment and appropriate operation of the program at its consolidated subsidiaries and major suppliers in Japan. In the most recent survey, we found that 212 companies have accepted trainees under the program. The largest number of trainees was from Vietnam, accounting for 40% of all trainees. At our consolidated subsidiaries, we have further surveyed the fees charged to these Vietnamese trainees. As a result, consists of the relevant departments, including the Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management, Purchasing and Legal departments. In accordance with the Human Rights Policy, the team engages in various activities, such as sharing each department’s initiatives and the latest social trends related to human rights and creating action plans. the handbooks of Japan’s Ministry of Justice and the Japan Federation of Economic Organizations (Keidanren) as well as checking items defined by external rating agencies. Consequently, we have specified two priority human rights issues, namely immigrant labor and raw material procurement, and have been undertaking related activities. we have confirmed that no trainees have been charged fees in excess of the upper limit specified in Vietnam’s domestic law. Our efforts in the future will be geared toward reviewing fee charging, which could lead to forced labor of non-Japanese trainees. In fiscal 2024, we joined the Japan Platform for Migrant Workers towards Responsible and Inclusive Society (JP-MIRAI)*1. By collaborating with the external stakeholder, we have set up a consultation hotline for non-Japanese trainees working under the program. Implementation Structure Human Rights Due Diligence Major Initiatives *1: Organization with a total membership of more than 700 diverse stakeholders, including private-sector companies, local governments, NPOs, scholars and lawyers <Major activities> • Provide information (in multiple languages) about daily lives and work via a portal site and smartphone app • Operate a multilingual consultation hotline • Provide a system to settle matters out of court through the Dispute Resolution Center of the Tokyo Bar Association *2: An organization leading efforts concerning conflict minerals, in which more than 300 companies and organizations take part globally Raw Material Procurement (Minerals) As another initiative to respect human rights, Toyota Industries has formulated the Policies and Approaches to Responsible Mineral Sourcing based on the OECDDue Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas. Under the policies, we have been conducting procurement activities excluding minerals that may involve human rights abuses, such as funding armed groups, child labor, forced labor and working under poor conditions. As one specific effort, we support the purpose of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI)*2, an organization leading global efforts related to conflict minerals, and have been using the RMI’s survey form, which is the industry’s standard, to periodically perform a minerals survey and exercise due diligence throughout the supply chain. In fiscal 2024, 97% of our suppliers returned the survey form, and the results showed no significant risk. If we do find a significant risk in our supply chain, we will implement risk mitigation measures, including requesting the relevant supplier to take corrective action. Going ahead, we will continue to cooperate with our suppliers and engage in responsible mineral sourcing throughout the supply chain. > Rate of performing an annual survey on conflict minerals at applicable suppliers (non-consolidated): 97% Immigrant Labor (Forced Labor of Non-Japanese Workers) 71 Toyota Industries Report 2024 70

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Corporate Governance
[TABLE] Commitment | Human rights due diligence | Correction and
remediation
[TABLE] Toyota
Industries
Group
Human Rights
Policy | Identify and
assess negative Prevent and
impacts on reduce
human rights
Disclose Follow up
information (monitor) | Grievance
mechanism
[TABLE] Stakeholder engagement
[TABLE] Education and awareness-raising activities
[TABLE] Human Rights Issues Covered by
the Toyota Industries Group Human Rights Policy
[TABLE] Wages (minimum wage, living wage); excessive or inappropriate
work hours; occupational safety and health; social security;
harassment; immigrant labor, forced labor and other modern
slavery; child and young labor; discrimination (against race,
nationality, gender, LGBTQ+, persons with disabilities and
discriminated communities, etc.); diversity, equity and inclusion;
restrictions on the freedom to choose and change residence
(corporate activities forcing local residents to leave their homes,
forcing employees to accept job relocations); freedom of
association; human rights issues related to technology and
AI; privacy; consumers’ safety and right to know; freedom of
expression; indigenous peoples and local residents (health of local
residents, conservation of the environment in communities, land
rights, access to water, noise reduction, etc.); the environment
and climate change; intellectual property rights; acts of corruption;

[PAGE 19]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Corporate Governance Link to the policies Tin Tantalum Tungsten Gold Total Number of white smelters*3 64 34 32 90 220 Results of Exercise of Due Diligence on Smelters by Metal *3: Smelters in conformance with the Responsible Minerals Assurance Process (RMAP) offered by the RMIPolicies and Approaches to Responsible Mineral Sourcing Toyota Industries Corporation and its subsidiaries promote the acquisition of materials with full deliberation and care to avoid the procurement or usage of materials which are unlawful or which are obtained through unethical or otherwise unacceptable means. We recognize that the situation surrounding conflict minerals originating in Covered Countries is a significant social issue in supply chains. We pursue procurement and usage that are free from conflict minerals originating in Covered Countries and relating to illegal conduct including human rights infringement. We also recognize that human rights abuses such as child labor in the procurement of cobalt, etc., are a serious social problem, and we pursue procurement activities that do not include minerals that are suspected of being involved in such abuses. To achieve such procurement and usage, we conduct inquiries tracing back through our supply chains and confirm if such minerals are used. In addition, we take appropriate steps to discontinue procurement of materials that can cause social problems such as human rights violations or financing of armed groups, if such usage is detected. Based on mutually beneficial relationships, we ask our suppliers to understand our policies and approaches and to conduct responsible material procurement. Employees...........................Labor-management round table meetings, annual labor-management meetings, hotline Shareholders and investors......Toyota Industries Reports, Toyota Industries’ official website, ESG dialogue Business partners..................Procurement policy meetings, hotline Local community... ...............Inviting residents to Toyota Industries’ events, participating in local events, local community meeting Policies and Approaches to Responsible Mineral Sourcing Child Labor In its Human Rights Policy, Toyota Industries declares that it will prohibit child labor, which deprives children of an opportunity to receive education and forces them to work at an early age, hindering their sound growth. In addition, our work regulations prohibit the recruitment of persons below the age of 15. Harassment Toyota Industries seeks to provide an environment for all employees to work with peace of mind. We do not tolerate any form of harassment, sexual or otherwise, as well as acts that harm the dignity of individuals. As specific efforts, we clearly state in our work regulations that we prohibit harassment and apply disciplinary punishments to those who commit it. In addition, our Code of Conduct clearly states that we will not engage in any conduct that may cause discomfort to others, including acts of harassment. *4: Excluding deductions made in accordance with legally mandated procedures Wages Toyota Industries complies with wage-related laws and regulations and pays wages as specified in advance in the labor contract and work regulations. The full amount*4 in the corresponding currencies is directly paid to employees one or more times per month on a predetermined day. We work to ensure that our wage level conforms to the legally mandated minimum wage level and provides sufficient living wage to satisfy the basic needs of employees and their families. In Japan, we treat regular employees and non-regular employees equally and in a balanced manner based on the principle of equal pay for equal work to avoid unreasonable differences in their treatment. Unstable Employment We are committed to providing as much employment stability as possible to develop a highly competent human resources pool with a deep understanding of our values. In addition, we strive to employ fixed-term workers under appropriate working conditions in accordance with the labor laws and customs of each region in order to respond to fluctuations in demand due to the external environment and seasonal reasons. In each region, the Toyota Industries Group operates a whistle-blower system (helpline) that allows our employees, suppliers and other relevant parties to report and seek advice on compliance-related matters. We also accept reports and consultation requests on harassment, discrimination and other matters related to human rights through law firms and external websites. If the matter is deemed to have impacts on human rights, we remedy the affected parties. We also have rules to protect the confidentiality of information on persons making reports and prohibit negative treatment as a result of seeking advice or cooperating in an investigation. We thus have a system that allows anyone to report or seek advice with a sense of security. In fiscal 2024, we received reports and consultation requests about harassment and discrimination. As a result of factual investigations, none constituted a serious infringement of human rights that will lead to a significant impact, and we made an appropriate response to each case in accordance with their respective situations. To remain a company committed to respecting the human rights of all people involved in our corporate activities, we participate in lectures hosted by the government and human rights organizations and joint study sessions with other Toyota Group companies. We also hold training sessions for consolidated subsidiaries, in which their top management participates. Our education and awareness-raising activities target executives and all employees and aim to cultivate a correct knowledge of human rights in general and encourage them to put the idea into practice. Along with providing induction training for new employees, grade-based training and other conventional programs, we have been making proactive efforts, such as designating a particular week as “Human Rights Week” and utilizing e-learning programs. As for harassment, we provide education once a year to instill knowledge on harassment in everyone, from executives and directors to managers and shop floor leaders. Toyota Industries promotes dialogue with various internal and external stakeholders and works with its top management and the relevant departments to reflect such dialogue in its future corporate activities. At the Global Human Resources Conference held in January 2024, 24 human resources managers from 12 countries conducted group discussions and presentations on the theme of respect for human rights. They discussed and shared points that the Toyota Industries Group should focus and work on. Education and Awareness-Raising Activities Correction and Remediation (Setting Up a Grievance Mechanism) Stakeholder Engagement Respect for Human Rights Communication Channels Training to Raise Human Rights Awareness Training on Harassment Global Human Resources Conference Target Description Aim Top management & managers of affiliated companies External human rights awareness training Cultivate knowledge of and sensitivity to human rights as a manager; gain skills to support awareness-raising activities Training for managers Newly promoted managers Training for newly promoted managers Cultivate knowledge of and sensitivity to human rights as a leader Training for newly promoted GMNewly promoted shop floor leaders Training for newly promoted EXAll employees External human rights awareness training Raise awareness of human rights External Human Rights College series of seminars (only for those nominated) Delivery of a special message during Human Rights Week Newly joined employees Induction training for newly joined employees Gain knowledge of human rights Target Description Executives and directors (about 500 persons) Facilitate an understanding of the importance of eliminating harassment; learn examples of inappropriate remarks and behavior; harassment cases frequently found in the workplace and responses to each Managers and shop floor leaders (about 1,700 persons) 73 Toyota Industries Report 2024 72

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Corporate Governance
[TABLE] Tin | Tantalum | Tungsten | Gold | Total
[TABLE] Number of white smelters*3 | 64 | 34 | 32 | 90 | 220
[TABLE] Target | Description | Aim
[TABLE] Top management &
managers of
affiliated companies | External human rights awareness
training
[TABLE] Training for managers
[TABLE] Newly promoted managers | Training for newly promoted managers
[TABLE] Training for newly promoted GM
[TABLE] Newly promoted shop floor leaders | Training for newly promoted EX
[TABLE] All employees | External human rights
awareness training
[TABLE] External Human Rights College series
of seminars (only for those nominated)
[TABLE] Delivery of a special message during
Human Rights Week
[TABLE] Newly joined employees | Induction training for
newly joined employees
[TABLE] Target | Description
[TABLE] Executives and
directors
(about 500 persons) | Facilitate an understanding of
the importance of eliminating
harassment;
learn examples of inappropriate
remarks and behavior;
harassment cases frequently
found in the workplace and
responses to each
[TABLE] Managers and shop
floor leaders
(about 1,700 persons)

[PAGE 20]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Corporate Governance Compliance Link to Code of Conduct Link to the policy Compliance We believe that compliance means both adhering to laws and regulations as well as ethics and social norms. As such, it is vital to promote compliance throughout the Toyota Industries Group under the leadership of top management. Previously, we established the CSRCommittee and its subordinate organization, the Compliance Subcommittee, to undertake relevant activities. On April 1, 2024, we reorganized the two and established the Compliance Committee as an organization managing and promoting compliance throughout the Group, including consolidated subsidiaries. The new committee is chaired by the Global Chief Compliance Officer (GCCO), and its specific activities span formulating compliance policies for the entire Group, collecting information on important compliance risks, such as new laws and possible legal revisions, monitoring changes in society and making appropriate and timely response. We have also set up a system to swiftly report significant incidents involving the Group, including a violation of certification-related, anti- bribery, anti-corruption or antitrust laws, to the GCCO and the Compliance Committee. CSRMaterial Issue > Number of serious compliance violations in the Toyota Industries Group: 1 Basic Perspective Formulating the Code of Conduct and Fully Educating and Instilling the Code Toyota Industries has formulated and distributed to executives and all employees the Code of Conduct, which serves as conduct guidelines that should be observed by employees. It covers such topics as compliance (prevention of bribery, corruption and conflict of interest, conformance to antitrust laws and others), respect for human rights, safety and health as well as environmental conservation. Accordingly, we have been working to instill the Code through group training and other means. Consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan have formulated their own Code of Conduct appropriate to their respective business lines and corporate cultures and have been implementing Company-wide awareness-raising and educational activities once a year. Following our legal violations related to engine certification in Japan, the Special Investigation Committee noted in its investigation report the failure of managers to exercise their functional responsibilities. Taking the matter seriously, we launched a compliance training program for managers in February 2024 in response. It provides practical training for the manager-level employees about their roles to promote compliance and two-way communication needed in workplace management. We are considering expanding the scope from office work and engineering positions to production positions in the future. As another effort, we have created and disseminated e-learning materials on 50 topics (adding “Introduction to legally required certification” and “Antitrust laws (relationships To prohibit and prevent bribery, in 2014 Toyota Industries formulated the Global Guidelines for Bribery Prevention (or individual rules in countries high on the Corruption Perceptions Index in accordance with their respective, applicable laws) and has been conducting activities to familiarize employees with them in each country and region. In March 2023, we formulated the Toyota Industries Group Anti-Bribery Policy to clarify our stance both within and outside the Toyota Industries Group. We have positioned the policy above our Global Guidelines for Bribery Prevention and have been working to communicate and thoroughly implement the policy in each region and country. Efforts for Prevention of Bribery with customers and suppliers)” in fiscal 2024) and compliance mini quizzes on 48 topics in order to cultivate a deeper understanding of compliance among employees of Toyota Industries and our consolidated subsidiaries in Japan and to create an environment in which employees learn about compliance on their own. > Execution rate of the Code of Conduct enlightenment and educational activities by Toyota Industries and consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan: 100% Global Guidelines for Bribery Prevention Code of Conduct A card distributed to each employee that includes information such as a QR code to the Code of Conduct and contact information for the whistle- blower hotline Compliance; Legally mandated certification; Antitrust laws (cartels, relationships with customers and suppliers); Prevention of bribery; Human rights; Various types of harassment; Safety behavior; Occupational accidents; Mental health; Environmental protection; Management of confidential information; Traffic safety; Product liability; Accounting process, etc. nExample Topics of e-Learning Materials As for antitrust laws, we operate a system to conduct a check and review before and after employees of Toyota Industries contact competitors and have been cultivating awareness among employees for not acting in a manner that may possibly constitute a violation of antitrust laws. Moreover, we have designated a particular month as “Antitrust Law Compliance Month” since fiscal 2016 to carry out enlightenment activities at relevant departments for clarifying our relationships with competitors and ensuring fair transactions with business partners (e.g., the need to hold sincere dialogue with business partners to deal with changes in the business environment caused by rises in various costs). Consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan have also been working to educate and raise awareness of employees to prevent violations of antitrust laws, such as forming cartels, in accordance with local laws and regulations. The Toyota Industries Group operates a whistle-blower system (helpline) in each region, through which employees and suppliers can anonymously report and seek consultation on compliance-related matters at their convenience. We also accept reports and inquiries through law firms and dedicated external websites. In fiscal 2024, we received 245 reports and inquiries from within Toyota Industries and from its consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan on such matters as labor management, work environment and ethics. Of these, 74% were concerned with labor management and the work environment. The department in charge of the whistle-blower system and other relevant parties investigated and responded to each case based on the internal rules while thoroughly protecting the privacy of persons reporting and prohibiting retaliation against them. We will continue our ongoing efforts to communicate about and improve our whistle-blower system as well as ensure the early discovery and prevention of issues to become a “company on which society places greater trust.” Toyota Industries periodically conducts an employee compliance awareness survey to check how compliance activities have taken root among employees and how well they know about the Code of Conduct and whistle- blower system. By identifying the actual status and adding improvements, we have been working to make our compliance structure more effective. Starting from April 1, 2024, we have expanded the scope of the survey and increased its frequency from once every three years. Efforts for Ensuring Compliance with Antitrust Laws Early Detection and Prevention of Issues via Whistle-Blower System Compliance Awareness Survey Establishing a Compliance Officer Hotline TOPICIn February 2024, we established a compliance officer hotline that enables employees to directly communicate with Hiroshi Fukagawa, the Senior Executive Officer and Global Chief Compliance Officer (GCCO). It is a new employee hotline, separate from the existing whistle-blower system, through which employees make compliance-related inquiries directly to the GCCO, either providing their names or remaining anonymous. To those who provide their names, the GCCO directly returns an e-mail. Additionally, to cultivate greater compliance awareness, we distribute newsletters entitled “Windows to Compliance,” describing the GCCO’s approaches to compliance. Compliance officer hotline Contact point for those providing their names For those wishing to communicate directly with the GCCO Contact point for those wishing to remain anonymous For those wishing to seek consultation without being identified “Window to Compliance” Newsletters distributed to describe GCCOHiroshi Fukagawa’s approach to compliance GCCOHiroshi Fukagawa Screen image of the hotline on the intranet 75 Toyota Industries Report 2024 74

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Corporate Governance
[TABLE] TOPIC Establishing a Compliance Officer Hotline
[TABLE] In February 2024, we established a compliance officer hotline that enables employees to directly communicate with Hiroshi
Fukagawa, the Senior Executive Officer and Global Chief Compliance Officer (GCCO).
It is a new employee hotline, separate from the existing whistle-blower system, through which employees make
compliance-related inquiries directly to the GCCO, either providing their names or remaining anonymous. To those who
provide their names, the GCCO directly returns an e-mail.
Additionally, to cultivate greater compliance awareness, we distribute newsletters entitled “Windows to Compliance,”
describing the GCCO’s approaches to compliance.
Compliance officer hotline
Contact point for those providing their names
For those wishing to communicate directly with the GCCO
Contact point for those wishing to remain anonymous
For those wishing to seek consultation without being identified
“ Window to Compliance”
Newsletters distributed to describe GCCO Hiroshi Fukagawa’s
GCCO Hiroshi Fukagawa approach to compliance
Screen image of the hotline on the intranet

[PAGE 21]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Corporate Governance Compliance / Tax Governance / Information Security Toyota Industries Management (China) Co., Ltd. Zhu Lingling Risk Management Committee Activity reports Approval and instruction Europe, North America and China Regional headquarters Consolidated subsidiaries outside Japan Toyota Industries Corporation Consolidated subsidiaries in Japan Consolidated subsidiaries outside Japan Information Security Meeting Risk Management Meeting China Toyota Material Handling Europe ABAndreas Lundh Toyota Industries North America, Inc. Kim Parker Europe United States Toyota Material Handling Mercosur Indústria e Comércio de Equipamentos Ltda Júlio César Macedo Brazil Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V. Carl Messemaeckers Vanderlande Group Each consolidated subsidiary of the Toyota Industries Group has set up a compliance committee (in Japan) and appointed a compliance officer (outside Japan) to lead and promote autonomous activities in respective communities. In North America, Europe, China and Asia/Oceania, compliance officers regularly hold conferences and facilitate collaborative activities within each region. In fiscal 2024, compliance officers from nine bases in China attended the Compliance Officer Conference held in the country. They shared information about the compliance activities of each company and updates to relevant laws, reflected on compliance activities in China and exchanged views. After the conference, these bases have been conducting activities in a mutually coordinated manner. Activities in the Toyota Industries Group Compliance Officer Conference in China Main Compliance Officers Tax Governance The Toyota Industries Group regards the most important managerial task is to earn trust broadly from society and enhance its corporate value on a stable, long-term basis in accordance with our Basic Philosophy and by earnestly fulfilling our social responsibilities. We strive to contribute to society and maintain and enhance corporate value by complying with the applicable tax laws and regulations of each country and region, where we undertake business activities, as well as by paying the appropriate level of taxes. Basic Perspective Information Security We recognize that the personal information of customers, employees and business partners as well as information concerning our technologies and sales activities are assets that need to be protected. Accordingly, with the aim of safeguarding our information assets and strengthening their management, we have formulated the Basic Policies for Information Security. Basic Perspective Under the basic perspective, Toyota Industries has formulated the Toyota Industries Group Tax Policy. The Toyota Industries Group will educate its employees as necessary through tax and accounting training and e-learning programs so that we are able to pay the appropriate level of taxes and take the proper tax measures in accordance with the Code of Conduct. Toyota Industries has set up the Risk Management Committee (led by a risk supervisor*1) as a subordinate organization to the Information Security Meeting (chaired by an executive in charge of promoting information technology (IT) and digitalization) to reduce information security risks. To thoroughly implement the initiatives adopted by the Information Security Meeting, we appoint Confidentiality Management Champions*2 and Confidentiality Management Supporters*3 at each department of Toyota Industries. For consolidated subsidiaries around the world, we regularly hold meetings of IT managers in each region to share information on security incidents and countermeasures both in and outside the Toyota Industries Group and to disseminate relevant policies. Through these and other measures, we are increasing the levels of security and security awareness throughout the Group. Tax Policy Implementation Structure n Basic Policies for Information Security (1) Legal compliance We comply with laws and regulations related to information security while fostering awareness of them among employees. (2) Maintaining a stable business foundation We safeguard and manage information assets appropriately, carry out information security-related education and enlightenment activities on an ongoing basis and seek to maintain a stable business foundation. (3) Providing safe products and services We provide safe products and services to customers and society by implementing information security measures in our business activities, including the development, design and manufacture of products and services. (4) Information security management We build a governance structure to enforce and manage information security and continue to promote and refine the structure. *1: Executive in charge of enterprise risk and compliance management *2: Head of each department *3: A person within the department, appointed by the head Organization for Promoting Information Security under the Risk Management Committee Link to the policy 77 Toyota Industries Report 2024 76

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Corporate Governance
[TABLE] United States
[TABLE] Toyota
Industries
Corporation | Consolidated
subsidiaries
in Japan | Consolidated
subsidiaries
outside Japan

[PAGE 22]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Corporate Governance High Low Large Small Degree of impact Frequency of occurrence/ Exposure level Nine priority/material risks Information Security Monitoring and Incident Response Information Security Management To ensure the early detection of and prompt action against cyberattacks, we have in place systems to monitor the security of PCs and all other terminals used within the Toyota Industries Group and to respond to incidents 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We also share threat information with our consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan to swiftly alert each company. CSRMaterial Issue > Number of serious incidents occurred: 0 Strengthening Information Security Governance within the Group In accordance with the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG)*4, we annually inspect the implementation status of information security at Toyota Industries and our consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates around the world in order to maintain and improve the level of information security on a continuous basis. We are also promoting the achievement of a uniform, more sophisticated level of security in all Group companies by sharing information on related initiatives through liaison meetings of affiliated companies in Japan and the TICO Group Cyber Security Summit meetings. We also visit individual Group companies to support their efforts. Enhancing Our Response to New Work Styles To be prepared for risks emerging from teleworking and regular use of cloud services, we have introduced a new AI system that monitors diversifying paths through which internal information is taken off the premises. We are also working to create rules and a management system to prevent confidential information (personal information) leakage and ensure the safe use of cloud services. Reinforcing Efforts to Enhance Information Security Awareness To create an organization that autonomously manages risks according to the operations of each department, we provide enhanced education to Confidentiality Management Champions and Confidentiality Management Supporters who lead such risk management activities. In increasing the information security awareness of each employee, we continuously provide relevant information via various channels using original characters to facilitate an understanding and widespread familiarization of the importance of information security. *4: Security guidelines of the Toyota Group, which conform to the Cyber Security Framework of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NISTCSF) and ISO 27000 series of standards for information security management systems Activities in fiscal 2024 • Holding the TICOGroup Cyber Security Summit • Introducing a system to detect leakage of internal information • Confirming the status of the use of cloud services • Incorporating security measures in the system planning stage • Creating a structure to promote product security and reinforcing conformance to laws and regulations • Enhancing education for Confidentiality Management Champions and Confidentiality Management Supporters • Disseminating awareness-raising information using original characters • Revamping our cybersecurity intranet • Individually visiting affiliated companies engaging in manufacturing operations in Japan to support their efforts • Enhancing security services for affiliated companies in Japan Primary Activity Examples Education provided at a base “CyberNow” cybersecurity awareness website Risk Management Based on the Basic Policies for the Establishment of an Internal Control System in compliance with the Companies Act, Toyota Industries is working to strengthen regulations and a structure to promote risk management. We regard the following aspects as the basics of risk management and implement initiatives accordingly. (1) Incorporating measures to prevent and reduce potential risks into daily routines and following up on the progress of implementation (2) Ensuring quick and precise actions to minimize the impact on business and society when a risk becomes apparent Basic Perspective Business divisions and other departments at the Head Office develop and promote annual action policies that integrate measures to prevent and control risks related to quality, safety, the environment, personnel, export transactions, disasters and information security. Progress is assessed and followed up by each functional management entity. Previously, the CSRCommittee was responsible for risk management of the entire Company. However, in order to further strengthen our risk management efforts, we newly established the Risk Management Committee, chaired by the risk supervisor (executive in charge of enterprise risk and compliance management), on April 1, 2024. The Risk Management Committee promotes activities to identify priority/material risks from among risks concerning Toyota Industries as a whole and make sure to implement measures at each functional management entity as well as measures to counter emerging risks spanning multiple functions. At the same time, functional departments at the Head Office such as those responsible for safety, quality and the environment formulate rules and regulations and create manuals from a Group-wide perspective, encompassing consolidated subsidiaries. By confirming and following up on the progress through operational audits and workplace inspections, they provide support for raising the level of risk management, including the ability to respond to the identified priority/material risks, at each business division and consolidated subsidiary. We have also formulated the Risk Response Manual, which defines basic rules for risk management activities under normal circumstances and for our initial response to an emergency when a risk becomes evident. The aim is to ensure quick reporting to top management, perform an accurate assessment of the impact on society and business activities and minimize damage through appropriate actions. The content of the manual is reviewed and revised as deemed necessary in response to changes in businesses and the surrounding environment. We consider the impact of a major earthquake as one of the most significant risks and have accordingly formulated a business continuity plan. Based on the three basic policies of placing maximum priority on human life, placing top priority on the recovery of local communities and ensuring the quickest possible recovery, we are making Company-wide efforts in three relevant areas, specifically, “precautionary, pre-disaster mitigation,” “initial response to be followed immediately after the disaster” and “restoration of production.” Implementation Structure Response to Possible Major Earthquake Risk Management Structure Risk Management Committee (formerly CSRCommittee) • Deliberate on and determine priority/material risks • Check and follow up on the status of activities Risk Map Collaborate Risk supervisor Office of the Risk Management Committee (Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management Dept.) Various functional meetings and committees, business divisions and other departments, consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan Information Security / Risk Management 79 Toyota Industries Report 2024 78

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Corporate Governance
[TABLE] Activities in fiscal 2024
[TABLE] • Holding the TICO Group Cyber Security Summit
• Introducing a system to detect leakage of internal information
• Confirming the status of the use of cloud services
• Incorporating security measures in the system planning stage
• Creating a structure to promote product security and reinforcing
conformance to laws and regulations
• Enhancing education for Confidentiality Management Champions and
Confidentiality Management Supporters
• Disseminating awareness-raising information using original characters
• Revamping our cybersecurity intranet
• Individually visiting affiliated companies engaging in manufacturing
operations in Japan to support their efforts
• Enhancing security services for affiliated companies in Japan
[TABLE] Nine | priority/material risks
[TABLE] Risk su | pervisor

[PAGE 23]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Corporate Governance Disaster Prevention Structure We strive to reinforce our disaster prevention structure to enable a smooth transition from the initial response stage to the production restoration stage. The Disaster Prevention Response Headquarters, consisting of representatives from the functional departments at the Head Office, is responsible for collecting information from plants and other relevant parties and making Company- wide decisions based on the information collected. Plant Response Headquarters Kariya Plant Obu Plant Kyowa Plant Nagakusa Plant & Morioka Works Takahama Plant Hekinan Plant Higashichita Plant Higashiura Plant Anjo Plant Ishihama Plant Educational Sites Company dormitories Company resort facilities Affiliated Companies Suppliers Key Facility Remote Sites Tokyo Office Toyota L&FCustomer Center Tokyo Toyota L&FCustomer Center Osaka TMHGTraining Center (Handa) e-Lab (information systems headquarters) Disaster Prevention Response Headquarters (Established in Kariya Plant) Disaster Prevention Structure Starting from fiscal 2017, we have been undertaking enlightenment activities for employees and their families as a measure to promote disaster prevention and avoid disaster- inflicted damage at home. Specifically, we encourage them to take three actions: preventing the overturning of furniture and securing an evacuation route; deciding how to contact and where to meet with family members in a disaster; and stockpiling emergency goods, food and other necessities. Following the Noto Peninsula Earthquake that occurred on January 1, 2024, we will once again emphasize the importance of making preparations in advance and convey the message to our employees on an ongoing basis. Promoting Disaster Prevention at Home and Related Enlightenment Activities Efforts to Cultivate Personnel to Engage in Disaster Prevention Activities 1. Training at Disaster Prevention Response Headquarters One important role assigned to the Disaster Prevention Response Headquarters that oversees Company-wide disaster response is to collect information on damages to both inside and outside the company premises, swiftly make decisions and disseminate these decisions throughout Toyota Industries. In fiscal 2024, we conducted a practical drill with a focus on equipment operations for the departments at the Head Office comprising the Disaster Prevention Response Headquarters. Activities included setting up an emergency network (mobile routers and outdoor Wi-Fi service) for use during a disaster and using electrified vehicles (HEVs, BEVs and FC buses) of each plant as part of our emergency power source. We will continue to train ourselves, assuming a disaster could occur at any time, to act smoothly under any circumstances. 2. Simultaneous All-Company Disaster Prevention Training Since fiscal 2023, we have extended the duration of our training and expanded its scope to conduct more effective, simultaneous all-Company disaster prevention training. The training at the Kariya Plant assumed a shutdown of operations. Participants checked the situation in the surrounding area and chose to either go home or stay at an evacuation site. We will continuously conduct training to ensure higher safety and security for our colleagues and customers while dealing with new issues found through the training. 3. Utilization of New Technologies The Higashichita Plant and Hekinan Plant, located in coastal areas, face disaster risks of tsunamis and tidal waves induced by earthquakes and typhoons. As such, the two plants have implemented measures to reduce such risks by utilizing a variety of technologies. In fiscal 2024, they introduced drones, which will enable them to check the conditions of broad areas around the plants from the sky during a disaster and make a quick and accurate decision for the next step. Each of Toyota Industries’ plants will continue to utilize new technologies and examine preparations needed in their respective environments. Aerial view of the Higashichita Plant Training for flying a drone Risk Management / Activities Related to Intellectual Properties In the face of frequent wind and water-related disasters and earthquakes in recent years, we believe it is important to be prepared to make a smooth initial response and maintain the function of the Disaster Prevention Response Headquarters no matter when or how much we sustain damage from a disaster. Based on this belief, we will continue our ongoing efforts to increase the effectiveness of our disaster prevention scheme. Toyota Industries’ businesses span various fields from textile machinery to materials handling equipment and automobile-related products. In accordance with business strategies tailored to the characteristics of each business, we comprehensively analyze information on our own and other companies’ intellectual properties, covering our position in the respective markets and competitive relationships, and based on the results, formulate an intellectual property strategy. At our internal Invention Review Meeting between the technical department and IP department of each business division and on other occasions, we identify and encourage inventions that pay attention to certain technological domains. At the same time, we operate a system to survey risks of infringing other companies’ intellectual properties, report the survey results to a meeting of the Review and Approval Committee for Research and Development held during each development phase and have the responsible executives review and approve each development project. We also make joint efforts with consolidated subsidiaries in and outside Japan possessing the development function to build an asset pool of intellectual properties and avoid risks of infringement, both from the viewpoint of Toyota Industries Group as a whole. Under this implementation structure, we filed some 700 patent applications in fiscal 2024. As of March 31, 2024, Toyota Industries holds about 5,700 patents across the world. Toward resolving the issue of chronic labor shortages in the logistics industry, Toyota Industries has been focusing on the development of automation technologies for materials handling equipment, such as lift trucks and towing tractors. Autonomous driving requires technologies to precisely estimate the vehicle’s own position, while automated loading and unloading operations need technologies to detect the accurate positions of objects such as trucks, cargo and pallets. As an effort to protect our rights, we have already filed more than 50 patent applications in each of these technology fields. For autonomous lift trucks and towing tractors, we have conducted feasibility tests of each at customer facilities, including warehouses and airport facilities (See Figures 1 and 2). We have been promoting activities to link the technological issues found while operating the equipment in practice to the patent applications (See Figure 3). Toyota Industries will continue to strive for competitive superiority through the strategic acquisition and utilization of intellectual property rights for its autonomation technologies. Future Activities Implementation Structure and the Number of Patent Applications Intellectual Property-Related Activities in the Development of Automation Technologies for Materials Handling Equipment Activities Related to Intellectual Properties One tenet of the Toyoda Precepts, which serves as our corporate creed, states “Always be studious and creative, striving to stay ahead of the times.” Under this tenet, Toyota Industries proactively makes investments in research and development, protects and uses the resulting intellectual properties, such as inventions and know-how, and leverages them in the strategies of each business. In addition, we make sure to acquire rights on intellectual properties both in and outside Japan and seek to prevent infringement of these rights while working to increase our corporate value by holding intellectual properties. Basic Perspective Guided type Autonomous type Drive as a magnetic sensor reads the tapes Detect own position by a scanner Estimate own position based on the obtained data Magnetic guidance Laser reflectors Laser SLAMFigure 1. Autonomous lift truck Figure 2. Autonomous towing tractor Figure 3. Methods of estimating own position, for which we have filed patent applications 81 Toyota Industries Report 2024 80

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Corporate Governance
[TABLE] Educational
Sites
[TABLE] Company
dormitories
Company
resort facilities
[TABLE] Affiliated
Companies
[TABLE] Suppliers

[PAGE 24]
Top Message Domestic Engine Certification Issue and Initiatives for Preventing Recurrence Value Creation Business Activities Promotion of ESGInitiatives Corporate and Financial Information Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Executive Officers Hiroya Akatsuka Haruhiko Kimata Hiroshi Kobayashi Takehiko Oishi Shigeru Sawaki Tomoji Tarutani Hiromichi Asao Taeko Kojima Hiroyuki Taniguchi Toru Suzuki Takashi Kubooka Hiroyasu Takagi Naomori Suzuki Motoki Takahashi Kenichi Katae Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, Vice President, Senior Executive Officers and Executive Officers Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, Vice President, Senior Executive Officers and Executive Officers (As of June 30, 2024) Directors Audit & Supervisory Board Members Senior Executive Officers Apr. 1970 Joined The Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (Tokio Marine) Jun. 2000 Director and Chief Representative in London of Tokio Marine Jun. 2002 Managing Director of Tokio Marine Oct. 2004 Managing Director of Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (Tokio Marine & Nichido) Jun. 2005 Senior Managing Director of Tokio Marine & Nichido Jun. 2007 President and Chief Executive Officer of Tokio Marine & Nichido Jun. 2007 President and Chief Executive Officer of Millea Holdings, Inc. (now Tokio Marine Holdings Inc. (Tokio Marine Holdings)) Jun. 2013 Chairman of the Board of Tokio Marine & Nichido Jun. 2013 Chairman of the Board of Tokio Marine Holdings Jun. 2014 Director of Toyota Industries Corporation (current) Apr. 2016 Counselor of Tokio Marine & Nichido (current) Jun. 2019 Retired as Chairman of the Board of Tokio Marine Holdings Director (Outside, independent) Shuzo Sumi Director (Outside, independent) Junichi Handa Apr. 1979 Joined Toa Nenryo Kogyo K.K. Feb. 2002 Representative Director of Booz Allen and Hamilton (Japan) Apr. 2005 CEO of Management Wisdom Partners, Japan Inc. Apr. 2005 Project Researcher of Manufacturing Management Research Center, the University of Tokyo Jun. 2013 Corporate Officer and Head of HR, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Jun. 2015 Outside Director of Mitsui Sugar Co., Ltd. (now Mitsui DMSugar Holdings Co., Ltd.) Jul. 2015 CEO of Management Wisdom Partners, Japan Inc. (current) Apr. 2016 Project professor of the Graduate School of Economics (Management) and member of the Office of the Global Leadership Program, the University of Tokyo Apr. 2022 Lecturer of the Graduate School of Economics, the University of Tokyo Jun. 2022 Director of Toyota Industries Corporation (current) Chairman Shigeki Terashi Apr. 1980 Joined Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) Jun. 2008 Managing Officer of TMCMay 2011 President and Chief Operating Officer of Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America, Inc. Apr. 2013 Senior Managing Officer of TMCJun. 2013 Member of the Board of Directors and Senior Managing Officer of TMCJun. 2015 Executive Vice President of TMCApr. 2017 Member of the Board of Directors and Executive Vice President of TMCApr. 2020 Member of the Board of Directors and Operating Officer of TMCJan. 2021 Member of the Board of Directors and Executive Fellow of TMCJun. 2021 Executive Fellow of TMCApr. 2024 Company Advisor of Toyota Industries Corporation Jun. 2024 Chairman (current) Yojiro Mizuno Executive Vice President Director Kazunari Kumakura Apr. 1985 Joined Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) Jun. 2016 Managing Officer of Toyota Industries Corporation Jun. 2019 Operating Officer Mar. 2020 Retired from Operating Officer Apr. 2020 Deputy Chief Officer, Purchasing Group of TMCJul. 2020 Chief Officer, Purchasing Group of TMC (current) Jun. 2023 Director of Toyota Industries (current) President Koichi Ito Apr. 1986 Joined Marubeni Corporation Jun. 1998 Joined Toyota Industries Corporation Jun. 2012 Managing Officer Jun. 2019 Senior Executive Officer Jun. 2023 President (current) Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside, independent) Akihisa Mizuno Apr. 1978 Joined Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc. (Chubu Electric Power) Jun. 2008 Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer and General Manager of Corporate Planning & Strategy Div. of Chubu Electric Power Jun. 2009 Representative Director and Executive Vice President of Chubu Electric Power General Manager of Corporate Planning & Strategy Div. and General Manager of Affiliated Business Planning & Development Dept. Jun. 2010 President & Director of Chubu Electric Power Jun. 2015 Chairman of the Board of Directors of Chubu Electric Power Jun. 2016 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Toyota Industries Corporation (current) Apr. 2020 Director & Advisor of Chubu Electric Power Jun. 2020 Advisor of Chubu Electric Power (current) Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Outside, independent) Masanao Tomozoe Apr. 1977 Joined Toyota Motor Sales Co., Ltd. Jun. 2005 Managing Officer of Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) Apr. 2011 Senior Managing Officer of TMCApr. 2011 Senior Vice President of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. Jun. 2012 President and Representative Director of Toyota Motor Sales & Marketing Corporation May 2015 Advisor of Central Japan International Airport Company, Limited Jun. 2015 President and CEO of Central Japan International Airport Jun. 2019 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Toyota Industries Corporation (current) Jun. 2019 Advisor of Central Japan International Airport Jun. 2021 Special Advisor of Central Japan International Airport Jun. 2023 Retired as Special Advisor of Central Japan International Airport Full-Time Audit & Supervisory Board Member Toru Watanabe Apr. 1983 Joined Toyota Industries Corporation Jun. 2016 General Manager of Accounting & Finance Dept. Jan. 2017 Project General Manager of Accounting & Finance Dept. Jun. 2020 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (current) Full-Time Audit & Supervisory Board Member Toru Inagawa Apr. 1982 Joined Toyota Industries Corporation Jun. 2008 General Manager of TMHGPlanning Dept. Jan. 2009 General Manager of Corporate Planning Dept. of TMHG, Toyota Material Handling Company Jan. 2013 General Manager of TMHGManagement Dept., Toyota Material Handling Company Jun. 2014 Managing Officer Jun. 2016 Senior Managing Officer Jun. 2019 Executive Officer Jun. 2021 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (current) Director Akira Onishi Apr. 1981 Joined Toyota Industries Corporation Jun. 2005 Director Jun. 2006 Managing Officer Jun. 2008 Senior Managing Officer Jun. 2010 Senior Managing Director Jun. 2013 President Jun. 2023 Vice chairman Jun. 2024 Director (current) Director (Outside, independent) Tokiko Shimizu Apr. 1987 Joined Bank of Japan (BOJ) Jul. 2010 General Manager of the Takamatsu Branch of BOJMay 2012 Principal Examiner, Financial System and Bank Examination Department of BOJJun. 2014 Deputy Director-General for Asian Affairs, International Department of BOJJul. 2016 General Manager for Europe and Chief Representative of BOJApr. 2018 General Manager of the Nagoya Branch of BOJMay 2020 Assistant Governor of BOJMay 2024 Retired as Assistant Governor of BOJJun. 2024 Director of Toyota Industries Corporation (current) Masahiro Kawaguchi Kazunari Masuoka Toshihiko Shimizu Brett Wood Norio Wakabayashi Hiroaki Matsuda Sotaro Kumazawa Ken Suito Hiroshi Fukagawa Hisashi Ichijo Hisanori Miyajima Shinya Mizutani Keitaro Hara Yoichiro Yamazaki Senior Executive Officers Toyota Industries Report 2024 82 83

[TABLE] Promotion of
ESG Initiatives
[TABLE] Corporate Governance